Mountain View - Khan Academy (full-timers and interns welcome year-round)Our mission is to provide a world-class education to anyone, anywhere. We already have millions of students learning every month, and we're growing quickly.Our students answer over 2 million math exercise problems per day, all generated by our open source exercise generation framework (http://github.com/khan/khan-exercises, http://ejohn.org/blog/khan-exercise-rewrite/), and Sal's videos have been viewed over 78MM times.Working for Khan Academy is one of the highest educational impact positions you can imagine.We're hiring all types of devs -- mobile, frontend, backend, whatever you want to call yourself. Big plans ahead.http://www.khanacademy.org/jobs
                      
                  
      I applied to Khan and they told me they have no slots to fill anymore (but thanks for trying...and feel free to contribute in your spare time). I can program in jQuery and know Django -- I sent them several demos directly related to generating math exercises. Either they are getting many applications from talented devs (and I didnt make the cut) or they arnt really hiring. I just hope they arnt using the prospect of a job as part of some viral marketing scheme.
                      
                  
      I can assure you we don't consider turning down applicants as marketing.Please feel free to apply again in a few months - we try to err on the side of caution when hiring, and any interviewing process likely has a large margin of error.
                      
                  
      Seriously, why do you advertise positions if you're not going to hire until "in a few months"? The impression that you're making on applicants is that you're just fishing for resumes. Please consider that applicants put time and effort into preparing a cover letter and their resume. If that's how you treat applicants, I wonder how you treat employees?Sadly, you're not the only one in the industry who behaves like this. I experienced exactly the same thing with Mozilla this year. I welcome that hokua is making this public because that way of treating applicants should really be outlawed.
                      
                  
      Why so cautious? Are you not hiring programmers at-will? If Im not performing on par with a team, Id leave no hard feelings. The reason I applied is im highly interested in building tools for educators, and currently run a business that sells such tools.
                      
                  
      Training is expensive and time consuming for the team as a whole. "Trying someone out" is usually not efficient.
                      
                  
      You can try someone out before you invest in them. Its called internships/probationary period. Lots of companies do it.
                      
                  
      To "try them out" you have to teach them enough about your process and code base to be useful. That still can take significant amounts of time. The primary investment isn't money, it's time.
                      
                  
      Full-time, on site. Hiring devs of all sorts.If you're in the Boston area and interested in a similar mission with a focus on teacher impact - http://betterlesson.comsee also:
http://techcrunch.com/2011/09/28/betterlesson-grabs-1-6-mill...
                      
                  
      Doesn't seem to be appropriate to tie your post to a competitor's. All job posts should be top level.
                      
                  
      New York, NYLot18 is revolutionizing the way Americans buy wine. We provide a highly curated marketplace for wineries and epicurean product producers to sell direct to consumers.We are hiring software engineers to join our small but growing 10 person dev team. You can apply by sending your resume and a link to your github profile to jobs@lot18.com.Why you should work here:- We work with a ton of awesome technologies (Python, PHP, Ruby, JavaScript, Tornado, Chef, git, Vagrant, MySQL, Linux (Ubuntu), Apache, nginx, HAProxy, Amazon Web Services, Varnish, memcached, Capistrano, RabbitMQ, jQuery and more)- Well funded. We’ve raised $14.5M from tier one investors.- People actually use our product. Over 500k users have joined since we launched in Nov 2010.- It’s not social media. We have a real business model and do 7 figures a month in transactions.- Benefits: Competitive salary, stock options, medical/dental paid in full, unlimited vacation, plenty of wine, lots of challenges and interesting business/tech problems to solve.
                      
                  
      San Francisco, CA (SOMA)Twitter is hiring: https://twitter.com/jobsTwitter (https://twitter.com) is a real-time information network with the mission of connecting people everywhere to the latest information that is interesting and relevant to them. We're hiring across the organization, for a broad range of technical and non-technical positions. Come help us solve some hard problems!
                      
                  
      Dammit Greg! Sure, me posting this months ago helped you get a job at Twitter, but that doesn't mean you get to post it in the future. :).P.S. Come work at Twitter, it's awesome.
                      
                  
      Are you hiring front-end engineers?
                      
                  
      Note: This company usually does not respond to applicants.I applied for a few positions over the year and never heard back.
                      
                  
      I applied to Twitter and the HR person asked me for dates for phone interviews, and then didn't respond for weeks after I gave them the dates.  Twitter HR and their recruitment process is amongst the worst I've ever encountered.Also, if you get rejected by them, they don't have the common courtesy to let you know, even if you try contacting them.  Apparently it's beneath them to respond with even 140 characters.
                      
                  
      I went through several rounds of interviews that seemed to go well, and was asked "when i coukd start" - i had to follow up with the internal recruiter several times before I got the "we've decided to take this position in a different direction" rejection.I found something far better though, thankfully. My impression from the interview process was internal chaos, among other things.
                      
                  
      I applied for an internship and got two interviews, but they seemed pretty disorganized.  They often called at different times from what they said they would (usually when I was in class).  They also had to reschedule the interviews several times.  The initial informational phone call I also got twice which was strange (about half way through the second one I mentioned she had called the day before with the same information).  Seems like a fun place to work though and the interviewers were great.
                      
                  
      Yes. https://twitter.com/job.html?jvi=owPbVfwb,Job
                      
                  
      x5315: Do you have an email I can contact you at?
                      
                  
      I have contact info in my HN profile.
                      
                  
      Also, we're generally H1Bs and intern friendly.
                      
                  
      I really wish we could figure out a way to stop posting these on Saturday, which guarantees the hiring thread won't be on the front page on a weekday.
                      
                  
      On the other hand, job-seekers who have been here for longer than a few months probably remember the hiring threads always happen on the 1st.I think that's easier to remember than "1st of the month, unless that falls on a weekend, then it's the 1st business day following the 1st of the month"; which tends to get further conflated to include holidays.
                      
                  
      Hehe. And also, if you look at the account posting these threads, "whoishiring", you'll see that it says:> This account automatically submits a 'Who is Hiring? (Month YYYY Edition)' post at 8 AM Eastern time on the 1st of every month.http://news.ycombinator.com/user?id=whoishiring(Just happened to find this out myself because I thought, "who is this person that is so regular with these posts?")
                      
                  
      I agree, much easier. I also always include the hiring threads in my weekly Hacker Newsletter (http://www.hackernewsletter.com) in case someone does miss it when it comes out.
                      
                  
      Couldn't pg add a way to pin these posts on the front page for a week or add a link on the top bar ?
                      
                  
      Parent's idea plus this would be nice. At least make it a pinned thread through the first day of the week.
                      
                  
      It would make a lot more sense if the monthly job post was listed on the 'Jobs' page alongside the handful of YC companies listed.
                      
                  
      Wait until next month. :-)
                      
                  
      I could be wrong, but I think Saturday is a great day for these threads. The work week is mainly relevant to people in 9-to-5 jobs. If I were looking for a job (I'm not) I would generally avoid doing the search during the week. Why? At least on Wall Street, people get fired if their bosses figure out that they're looking for jobs. Once you start searching, you've effectively quit as they see it.That said, I'm coming to the conclusion that one should always be looking for jobs at least in a limited sense (networking, skill building). It's not disloyal. It's just smart. Jobs end, sometimes suddenly and involuntarily. It's a fact of life and people need to be prepared.
                      
                  
      The work week is mainly relevant to people in 9-to-5 jobsYou mean like a hiring manager | HR person | future coworker who might post here?  I could see arguments going either way about weekend posting.  At least it should be at the top of the ask HN list for a while since it is a bit lower churn for people not wanting it to disappear because of the weekend post. etc.
                      
                  
      Well... I really think that's a reason why having this on a weekend is good; I don't want to hear from a hiring manager or HR person.  Those are the people that are already flooding my LinkedIn account with offers for soul-crushing positions.  By contrast, the people that see these things on the weekend are people that are here because they're interested, in their spare time, to read about programming, because they actually like it.  Those are the people I want as prospective employers.
                      
                  
      That boss can only fire you so quickly once you start looking because he's already been looking. And he likes not only having that freedom, but that you do not.They don't know what loyal means. Don't kill yourself trying to show them.
                      
                  
      Rockefeller Center NYC, onsite: #1 looking for #2Bootstrapped prop ultra low latency trading firm (as opposed to a firm which originally had investors and later kicked them out), and I'm willing to cut significant equity. see http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2835656 for some discussion of what I do.I'm not a traditional finance guy, and I'm definitely not looking for a banking drone. Most of those tasks are handled by cron anyway. Sanctity of weekends are preserved.The ideal candidate: mastery, to the level of obsession, with C/Python/coreutils; insatiable curiosity; inquisitive to a fault; chutzpah to challenge every assumption and assertion; calm under pressure; and desire to be involved in every aspect of the business.Windonauts need not apply (I currently use 2 27" iMacs in the office)Excited? intransigence123@gmail.com
                      
                  
      This looks like a quite a example of arrogance.Remember the more egoistic you are , more you double your chances of failure. Just a advice , take on its face value.
                      
                  
      I tried working with financial recruiters at the very beginning and realized that the type of candidates they present are really interested in a cushy job with a strong salary and significant returns on the upside and no downside risk, which puts my risk control desires at odds with their profit desires.If I come off as arrogant I sincerely apologize. As a person, I am not particularly arrogant. With regards to some points, like about using cron to do tasks, there are good reasons for bringing that up: I have worked with a broker who literally opened and copied text files using notepad to send off compliance reports (which i had originally sent to them via FTPS).  When I pointed out to the employee that a cron job or task scheduler item could automate the process, the answer was along the lines of "then I wouldn't have a job".  And i would classify that type of role as a drone role.
                      
                  
      This is the second story about a "drone" that I've heard in 3 days.  I'm surprised that people like this slip by and linger without providing much value . . .
                      
                  
      There was a time, as late as 5 to 10 years ago, where people were needed in the process.  Nowadays, the same motions are being repeated because those people don't want to lose their jobs.  And they are sufficiently low cost (250K is paltry for a 100M business) that the institutions themselves aren't really incentivized to streamline.
                      
                  
      I honestly don't see what aspect of that post is arrogant? Could you elaborate, because if there is something in there and I don't see it, I don't want to make the same mistake (I'm not be sarcastic!)
                      
                  
      Santa Monica, CA (Los Angeles area) also possibly SF Bay area or other cities, but most jobs are in Santa Monica.TRUECar - Put simply, TrueCar shows consumers how much people actually paid for a particular new car in their area, then guide them to dealers we've certified.  We bring transparency to auto pricing and so far we are getting a solid piece of a huge market.We're looking for Python/Django developers, front end developers, Java and Ruby talent, Linux engineers, and an "EDW SQL DB Developer," whatever that is.  There's a lot to do, so if you're a solid developer, there's a chance we have a spot for you.I moved from Atlanta all the way out to Santa Monica after stopping by the TrueCar booth at PyCon 2011.  I started here a month ago and have absolutely loved it.  I'm working with a great team that knows how to develop software and for management who seems to "get it" with regards to software developers.The Python team in an open workspace that has a view of the ocean (http://picplz.com/user/dabent/pic/tpc4v/), and all the Santa Monica offices are blocks from the beach.  They have great benefits, including company equity, 100% paid family medical, dental, vision, and a healthy 401k.  They also offer gym membership reimbursement ($50 a month), 12 holidays, career training, 3 weeks PTO and have a kitchen stocked with fruit, snacks and such.  I've honestly never had a job this good.  We're also making money and recently got some really solid investment (http://techcrunch.com/2011/09/07/car-price-comparison-compan...).If you're interested, send me your resume.  My email is in my profile.
                      
                  
      TrueCar's an awesome company, they host the SFRuby meetups every other week.The people there are some of the most intelligent people I've ever met.If you get the chance to work there, do it.
                      
                  
      Someone downvoted this? Why?
                      
                  
      Not sure, but you got my vote. Love your summary of the company mission. Also, I love that beach. :) Best of luck in finding a good teammate.
                      
                  
      Oakland, CA - Root LabsWe are a fully-funded startup with a major paying customer, building a web-based service for analyzing and searching code. You will be in charge of building a large, distributed computing system for parsing and indexing code for our search engine. We've been creating the code analysis tools for existing customers, and we need you to build the automation framework to help us scale. We are building something really uncommon for a HN hiring thread, so contact me even if you're just curious!We're solving problems that will have a major impact on the software industry. For example, one goal is that independent, open-source authors have a way to get paid for their work.You'll team up with us to implement solutions to some challenging problems. (But don't worry, you don't already need to be an expert at all of these).    * Nearest-neighbor search in high dimension (or knowing how to
      avoid this by projecting to a lower dimension)
    * Classifying code by various metrics (structural flowgraph analysis,
      symbol sequences and frequency, etc.)
    * Map/reduce deconstruction of complex queries
    * Distributed computing design, cluster management, software deployment,
      load balancing 

Being a good programmer is the most important part. We mostly work in Python and C/C++ although considering Scala or other options for some tasks. We use PostgreSQL, Redis, and Riak for a lot of the existing components.You need to understand distributed computing, fault detection and error recovery, messaging, etc. An interest (but not expertise) in low-level details like compilers, operating systems, and reverse-engineering is a good plus.We have much more details here:http://www.rootlabs.com/developer-job.htmlAsk any questions in the comments, or contact me directly at the address in my profile. Thanks!
                      
                  
      For example, one goal is that independent, open-source authors have a way to get paid for their work.How do you see your service helping with this?
                      
                  
      I'm sorry that I can't answer publicly at this point about how our business works. If the position sounds interesting, please email me, and I'm happy to explain more privately.
                      
                  
      San Francisco, CA (SF/Mission)RG Labs is hiring: http://www.rglabsinc.com/#jobsWe operate under the premise that the most important decisions we make are decisions about people (e.g., who to start a company with, who to hire, who to date/marry...) We also feel like the Web is in its infancy in terms of helping us to make better decisions based on data and that this space will explode in coming years.We're planning to help detonate that explosion. :)We have a long backlog of customers waiting to use our product when it launches and a big market in front of us. We're building an engineering-centric organization and working out of a cool work/live space in the Mission. Our current stack includes Ruby, Rails, MySQL, Resque, and elasticsearch and we'll be diving in soon on Hadoop, graph databases/neo4j and a whole host of other fun stuff. We're also planning to contribute to open source as much as we can (e.g., https://github.com/rglabs/teleport).We're funded but also really early so it's a unique opportunity to be a major contributor and help to set the tone for the future for our company.To hear more drop me a line directly at jon@rglabsinc.com or contact via our website. We'd love to tell you more.
                      
                  
      Really REMOTE. You don't even have to be in the USA.deviantART (http://www.deviantart.com) wants developers. We're fully remote[1]; there's no central office with a devteam located there. We expect all hires to be comfortable working in PHP, JavaScript, CSS, and SQL; we like our developers to be able to hack on any part of the site, rather than being frontend/backend specialists.One exception to all that: there's an Infrastructure Engineer position which is located in Vancouver. It's C++/Java focused, and involves developing backend services used by the rest of the site.We post information about our development process here sometimes: http://dt.deviantart.com/blog/ Apply here: http://deviantart.theresumator.com/apply?source=hn[1]: http://dt.deviantart.com/journal/We-re-all-remote-220038037
                      
                  
      I've applied for this multiple times, and as I see here you haven't replied to a lot of people. I've met one of your developers at a DeviantArt meeting, and he seemed like one of the nicest blokes I've ever met.Extreme shame about the management.
                      
                  
      This reminds me of something the CEO of a fortune 500 company I worked for said during a company-wide Q&A. An employee had mentioned that he applied for an opportunity within the company and never heard back from the hiring manager. The CEO didn't miss a beat, responding: "Let me just say to all the managers in the room, if I ever hear of that happening, you won't be managing in this organization."
                      
                  
      I had the same experience with a company in Gibraltar, got to the phone interview, went well, was told to expect an email with details of flights over and heard nothing, it's been months now. The CEO didn't come to my rescue, and I haven't heard from them since.
                      
                  
      I applied to this too in the past, and got to the point where they said they wanted a second interview, but then they said that they 'moved forward with another candidate.' The position is still open so apparently that candidate went no where too.I will note that at times during the interview process they would say that I would hear from them 'shortly' but then hear nothing for upwards of 3 weeks.
                      
                  
      Note: I've applied to this opportunity before.  Did not receive a response.  Funny to see it posted again...Maybe they are looking for something different than "PHP, JavaScript, CSS, and SQL"?  Hard to say...
                      
                  
      Yeah, I've applied there to without any sort of response. My impression was that they either are looking for something more specific than they let on here, or that they have a high turn over rate. Not necessarily bad things, but they might narrow down their employee search by providing more details
                      
                  
      Yeah but you should still at least respond to people. I mean, why not? It's a win-win. Candidates at least find out and you look good by showing you care enough to get back to them.
                      
                  
      It's called having some common courtesy.  Companies such as yours that think it's beneath them to spend the 10 seconds to respond back to people is a huge redflag that they're filled with arrogant pricks.
                      
                  
      Unfortunately this courtesy is anything but common in my experience, it's not the exception. Hell, I've had companies and recruiters disappear after showing initial interest, e.g. after the phone screening stage. Call me a cynic but these days I'm pleasantly surprised when I receive even a negative reply.
                      
                  
      I would love for someone to put together a weekend project where people can anonymously list where they apply and if they ever got a response.
                      
                  
      Welcome to the club. Mostly. I applied for that as well. At least I got a (negative) response but I think it was automated. I'm not sure what they're actually looking for, maybe we're not "artsy" enough or something...
                      
                  
      I would encourage anyone wanting to apply here to read this first: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3061860
                      
                  
      I.e. don't fucking bother unless the management changes completely. I agree.
                      
                  
      Madison, WI - (REMOTE possible)Circuit - http://circuitapp.coGithub for hardware. Circuit is a social webapp for designing and building electronic projects (circuit boards), aimed at the exploding Maker/hobbyist market. We're going to disrupt hardware with a tool that makes things 10x easier & faster.
Programmer: We are looking for a passionate all-around programmer, experienced with creating advanced frontend interfaces as well as backend systems. Mainly would be doing a large amount of challenging HTML5, Javascript, and using PHP (Cake) & MySQL on the backend. Big bonus points if you have a hardware background: microcontrollers, designing PCBs, tearing things apart, and familiarity with the Maker movement.UI/UX Designer: You: experienced with the design of web applications with a strong emphasis on the UX to make a simple and clean interface. Also wireframe concepts, diagram workflows and create various assets needed for the application.Interested, questions? jobs@circuitapp.co
                      
                  
      Berkeley, CA or San Francisco Bay AreaFlotype (creators of popular open source projects like NowJS) is hiring engineers. http://flotype.com and http://nowjs.com-(very) well-funded company tackling huge technical problems (A16Z, YC etc.)- we build enterprise-grade web infrastructure and sell to startups, corporations and enterprises- we use cutting edge technology and love Node.js- you would be a very early employee that gets a "whatever you want" benefits package.The best benefit is honestly working on new technology problems. You get to build massively scalable software, solve highly technical problems, with the awesome startup lifestyle. And you get to test on several 800-core clusters.Open to remote intern h1b fulltime parttime etc.
Email us at jobs@flotype.com
                      
                  
      Mountain View, CARoom 77 (room77.com) - REMOTE / H1B WelcomeWe're building the next generation of hotel search and we're looking for a few good engineers.  We're attacking a $50B online industry that hasn't seen a lot of innovation in the last several years.  We're funded and backed by travel rockstars including the founder of Expedia.Software Engineer - 5 Positions Open - http://www.room77.com/jobs/software_engineer.html?s=HackerNe...We're looking for software engineers who are smart and can roll up their sleeves to get things done. We don't care what programming language you've used before or what operating system you're familiar with, but we need people with demonstrated passion for programming and problem solving, as well as a hands-on attitude and hacker mentality. Our technology stack is primarily C++ / Javascript / Python / PHP / MySQL, on top of Ubuntu Linux and AWS.iOS/Android Mobile Developer - 2 Positions Open - http://www.room77.com/jobs/mobile.html?s=HackerNewsUI/UX Designer - 1 Position Open - Help lead the design of a next gen travel search product - 
http://www.room77.com/jobs/ui_ux_designer.html?s=HackerNewsHacker in Residence - 3 Spots Available - This is an exciting new program to get FREE office space, FREE food, and FREE mentoring from our team of advisors/investors and engineers.  We've got some free space in the new office so we want to bring in some folks who are interested in working on their own projects while spending a few hours a week working on open source projects we are sponsoring.  Our engineering team is happy to help flesh out your project as well and you can always talk to the rest of the team, all of which have built, run, and sold startups. - http://www.room77.com/jobs/hacker.html?s=HackerNews
                      
                  
      San Francisco - Parse (http://parse.com)Parse provides cloud services for mobile developers. Some have called us "Heroku for Mobile." We believe mobile developers shouldn't be writing server code or worrying about servers at all.About Parse:- We move fast. We launched our private beta a little over two months after starting the company. Since then we've signed up over 3000 developers and have dozens of production apps in the store.- We have difficult and interesting engineering problems.- We build products for other developers. You'll be your own customer.- We are four very technical cofounders who have been early employees or founders at successful startups.About you:- You'll be employee #1.- You'll be responsible for architecting and implementing features in their entirety.- You'll write code in Ruby, Objective-C, and Java (so far). You don't need to know these coming in -- we like generalists who can pick up anything.- You'll have the opportunity to grow into a large leadership role.We offer significant equity, market salary, fully covered health insurance, your choice of equipment, etc. We're based in San Francisco and are looking for people that can hack in the office with us.Please get in touch -- email Tikhon at tikhon@parse.com
                      
                  
      Seattle, WABigDoor: http://www.bigdoor.com/We're a gamification platform – we make it easy for anyone to add fun, relevant loyalty programs to their site or app. Lots of people are focused on badges and leaderboards – and we do that – but we consider that the simple, boring stuff. We're way ahead of that. We're also working with some major brands.Positions:2 x developer: Python, Django, JavaScript.1 x sysadmin: Linux, Apache, MySQL.1 x DBA: MySQL.2 x tester: Python a big plus.1 x content manager: Help our partners create and maintain their virtual economies.http://www.bigdoor.com/about-us/careers/
                      
                  
      Los Gatos, CA
NetflixLooking for Senior SREs.Basically, we're starting a new company to take streaming global and make it so convient that it is better than the free options.I'm looking for people to help make sure that any time someone wants to find and play a movie, they can.You can get more info here: http://jobs.usethesource.com/item?id=166Or here: http://www.reddit.com/comments/jyaqd/Or here: http://www.netflix.com/Jobs?id=7563&jvi=olLGVfwr
                      
                  
      Freelance to hire, iOS and Android development, with a focus on mapping apps. All brilliant engineers considered, regardless of skillset.We raised $45K from angels and won a $25K fbFund grant early on (2008), and we're now profitable from sales of apps and royalties from software licensing. We had a killer summer, which is the season for our apps, and we were featured in a slew of press: http://www.gaiagps.com/pressApply to jobs@gaiagps.com or http://www.gaiagps.com/jobs
                      
                  
      > All brilliant engineers considered, regardless of skillset.More folks should have this attitude.
                      
                  
      San Francisco, CA; New York City, NYFlurry needs engineers to help build our burgeoning mobile analytics platform--hiring for server-side software engineers, mobile client programming, operations engineers, a data scientist and more.  Also looking for some non-engineering roles if that's your specialty.More at http://www.flurry.com/jobs -- if you think Flurry is perfect for you but don't see an exact fit in any of the roles, don't hesitate to let us know how you could help us grow!Tell 'em Eric sent ya.
                      
                  
      Chicago, IL - Obama for America (http://barackobama.com)We are looking for QA, iOS, DBA, and DevOps engineers to join our department through November 2012 at our Chicago headquarters.The Obama for America Technology department builds and maintains the software that powers the campaign’s websites and interactive online presence. Our team’s products support the campaign’s efforts to inform voters, organize supporters and raise money.Email us at techjobs@barackobama.com for more info.
                      
                  
      FreeAgent (Edinburgh, UK), a startup making accounting easy and fun. We've just moved to a new office in central Edinburgh.We're looking for developers to join a team of smart, friendly people who value the work/life balance.Ruby/Rails Engineer http://www.freeagentcentral.com/company/jobs/rubyrails-engin...Senior Platform Engineer http://www.freeagentcentral.com/company/jobs/senior-platform...Ruby/Rails Support Engineer http://www.freeagentcentral.com/company/jobs/rubyrails-engin...Email us at jobs@freeagentcentral.com. We're also open to remote working for exceptional candidates (there's a couple of us who are spread throughout the UK).
                      
                  
      I forgot to say we're also looking for interns. We had 2 this year and I started as an intern last year.
                      
                  
      Boulder, COSimple Energy - TechStars companyhttp://www.simpleenergy.com4 Positions: http://www.simpleenergy.com/jobs* Product Manager (gaming experience pref'd)* Front-End Engineer* Back-End Engineer* SysAdmin/DevOpsSimple Energy is making saving energy social, fun, and simple. We change how millions of people save energy by changing how utilities engage their customers. We take real energy data and create social games and contests that drive people to save energy. You could be the fifth member of a funded startup that Mashable recently named one of "8 Startups that are Changing the World." 
http://mashable.com/2011/08/19/startups-for-good/* Generous moving benefits to beautiful Boulder, CO* Awesome Mac setup* Sweet office w/ standup desks overlooking a creek* Every new employee saves enough energy to power 1,000 homes
                      
                  
      Anywhere in the USACloudera - http://www.cloudera.comWe're the leader in Apache Hadoop-based software and services. We're hiring in a ton of positions - check our careers page for details.In particular, I'm looking to grow our certification program and curriculum development department. You'd primarily be working on helping to develop and expand our certification program - we've huge plans for the next year, and we need more staff to make it all happen. If you're smart, technical, able to learn new stuff quickly, a good writer, and able to work on your own initiative, you might be the person I need. Bonus points for having experience of professional certification programs, curriculum development, Hadoop. E-mail me directly: e-mail address is in my profile.
                      
                  
      Seattle, WA - Software Development EngineerAWS ElastiCache http://aws.amazon.com/elasticache/ - My team is looking for software engineers who are passionate about enabling high performance applications in the AWS cloud.  If you’re interested in building high performance distributed systems and having your work used by thousands of other developers, come join the ElastiCache team and influence the direction of the leading cloud provider.  If you love the service memcached provides and have ideas on how to make it more scalable, available, and performant, ElastiCache is the place to be.  We have several positions for a range of experience levels. If you’re not in Seattle but are up for a change of scenery, Amazon has a great relocation program that makes it extremely easy to join AWS.To apply, send your resume to aws-jobs-elasticache-yc@amazon.com.I’m a founding member of the ElastiCache team and I’ve learned an amazing amount taking an AWS service from concept to launch.  It’s a uniquely exhilarating experience to launch a new AWS service - seeing the system that you’ve worked on for so long available to everyone, watching it grow each day, and learning from your customers.  Knowing that other people’s websites, workflows, systems and components rely on your service working properly pushes you to do the best work you can.  I’m proud of the work we’ve done and I’m very excited about the innovation still ahead of us.Detailed job descriptions :http://www.amazon.com/gp/jobs/ref=j_sq_btn?keywords=137677&#...http://www.amazon.com/gp/jobs/ref=j_sq_btn?keywords=137679&#...http://www.amazon.com/gp/jobs/ref=j_sq_btn?keywords=133388&#...
                      
                  
      Seattle, WA - H1Bs welcomeAmazon Route 53 - http://aws.amazon.com/route53-jobs/We are building and operating a highly available and scalable Domain Name System (DNS) web service. We are looking for great engineers to join our team. Please email your resume to route53-jobs@amazon.com or apply online at the link above.
                      
                  
      Seattle, WA - http://wap-jobs.amazon.com/jobs.html (email is on the page linked)Nearly every team in the Website Application Platform org is currently hiring.  We build the backend components that power amazon.com and many of the subsidiaries/affiliates. 
We solve difficult problems involving scalable, performant distributed systems  and have a direct effect on customer experience.  If that sounds like you're cup of tea, it might be worth checking out!Also, arcade cabinets, nerf gun fights, and free cereal.  It's a good place to be. :)
                      
                  
      Jacksonville, FLHashrocket is hiring a front end web developer.  Familiarity with Rails is preferred. Really excellent benefits, and really awesome people to work with.http://hashrocket.com/people/work-at-hashrocket/front-end-de...
                      
                  
      Anywhere:Basho (makers of Riak) are hiring all sorts of people.   See the postings here: http://www.basho.com/company_careers.phpAlso not listed is the need for an ops/tools type person who can wear many hats.  If you like the term DevOps, consider it a devops position, if not, call it what you wish!If you need to be in an office, we have offices in Cambridge, Ma and SF, otherwise you work where you want to work.
                      
                  
      Any interest in part-time work?
                      
                  
      Boston, MA - WegoWise.comWegoWise is an energy analytics company with funding, an enthusiastic and growing user base, an environmentally-conscious mission, a solid business plan, and a motivated team. We're looking for a Ruby on Rails developer to join our team. The work environment is fun and flexible, and the product provides ample opportunities to tackle technical challenges, work with the latest and greatest technologies, and stay at the top of your game.http://wegowise.com/careers/developerContact: devjobs@wegowise.com++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++We are looking for mid-level and senior-level developers with web development experience (ideally 1+ years with Ruby). You should be comfortable working with HTML, CSS, and Javascript. Understanding UI concepts is helpful as well.We treat coding as an art, take pride in our work, and think good code should be both functional and elegant. We are Agile, and follow TDD and BDD practices.We listen to our developers, respect them, and give them room to get things done. The work schedule is flexible, and features are thoughtfully planned so we don't rush things out the door.Location is excellent (downtown Boston, near all public transport) and you get 10% open source time.Competitive salaries, health and dental, training and professional development, 401k, etc.If this sounds like a place you'd like to work, get in touch!http://wegowise.com/careers/developer
devjobs@wegowise.com
                      
                  
      Forio Online Simulations (San Francisco, South Beach area)
http://forio.com/about-forio/careers-at-forio/If you're interested in developing rich internet applications and data visualizations around simulations and games for us in San Francisco, I would love to hear from you. We are hiring across the entire stack and looking for client-side and server-side developers.Some of our current projects:- a venture-back tech game/sim for MIT- simulating game-theory style price moves between two competitors for a beverage company in North America- national health simulations with the CDC- several business simulations and games for Harvard Business School Publishing- on-going data visualization, ui and compiler work for our core platform, Forio Simulate http://forio.com/simulateBenefits:- job security, market salaries - we've been cash flow positive for years- collaborate, share, and learn from other talented developers in a pleasant work place- reasonable work hours - working late nights and weekends is unusual- good software development practices - QA, unit testing, usability testing, git, bug tracking, etc.If you're interested or have questions, email mbean@forio.com and I can direct you to the right people.
                      
                  
      Frederick, MD
Swift Software is seeking a talented frontend developer to join the team creating JobTraQ, our flagship product. You’ll work with the rest of the team to create new features and refine our existing user interfaces, to help make our software even more intuitive and exciting for our users. You’ll be working on our main web application as well as our HTML5 mobile interface.To qualify for this position, you must have at least two years of experience as a software developer working on complex web applications that targeted all major web browsers. You do not need a lot of experience as a user interface designer, but you should be excited about developing your talents for usability and user interface design. You should have strong skills in HTML, CSS, and AJAX. Finally, you must be committed to high quality in both your code and the final product.Because this job requires close communication with the rest of our team, you must be able to work in our office in Frederick, MD.If you want to work with a rising team of talented and friendly people who are building a solid and high-quality product, email your resume to resumes@swiftsoftware.com.
                      
                  
      Palo Alto, CA - Pulse - http://pulse.meWe're hiring iOS and Web Developers to join our 15-person team. Pulse is an award-winning application that makes it easy to consume news on mobile phones and tablets. Pulse has been named to the Apple’s App Store Hall of Fame, chosen as an Android Editor’s Choice app, selected as one of TIME’s top 50 iPhone apps of 2011, and honored with the Apple Design Award.We're looking for iOS developers to build out the Pulse iPhone and iPad applications, which support millions of users. Each of us is part engineer, hacker and product designer. This role requires existing experience with CocoaTouch and iOS programming. Specifically, we would love to hear about iOS applications you have worked on either professionally or in your free time.We're looking for web developers with expertise in HTML/CSS/Javascript/JSON, extensive knowledge of server-side technologies such as Rails/Python/Django, experience developing web applications following W3C standards and taking into account cross-browser compatibility.Send me an email so we can learn more about you at cristina[at]pulse[dot]me
                      
                  
      Chicago, IL - Braintree (http://www.braintreepayments.com)We mostly work with Ruby/Rails. Our team is talented, our practices are collaborative (pairing, agile), we work on challenging problems (high availability, quality of service, scaling, security), and our devs have 10% time to work on whatever they want. Developers use and love our product. Although we mostly work with Ruby, we also work with Python, Node, Java, .NET, PHP, and Perl. Braintree is profitable, you'll have standard benefits (health/dental/vision), 401k match, ample vacation, and an above market salary.More about our people, practices, and software: http://www.braintreepayments.com/inside-braintree/how-we-bui...Apply at http://joinbraintree.com or email me if you have any questions (address in profile).
                      
                  
      San Francisco, CA -  KontagentSoftware Engineer, Data Scientist, Account Manager, Sales, Full-time, Part-time, Intern, ContractLet's face it, as an engineer you can work ANYWHERE.  You are in demand and if you're good you know it.  You don't want to take the time to interview unless you know a company will be good for you.At Kontagent, we believe that culture is everything.  We have a strong community here and people are excited to come into the office.  We're tackling big problems, but more importantly we're having uuuuubber amounts of fun doing it.  Honestly, its a blast.  Your co-workers will be some of the smartest people you know, but also some of the nicest.We have:- A game room for the Rockband literate- A kitchen stocked with delicious food and drinks- Nerf guns- Wine and Cheese Thursdays- Clients that can't run their businesses without us- A new office with incredible views- Catered lunch daily and team lunch Fridays- Beer- An ACTUAL work-life balanceRead this for more information:
http://www.thedatascientist.com/2011/09/21/curiosity-or-why-...If interested, contact me at the e-mail listed in my profile.
                      
                  
      New York, San Francisco and London10gen develops and supports MongoDB - and we are looking for good people to help grow product, sales, maketing, support etc. We are hiring for a lot of positions!
We're looking to hiring 
- Solution architects
- Evangelists for Java, Node.js, Ruby, Python.
- Database engineers
- Web/Graphic designers
- Product Marketing 
- Sales & sales engineers
(and a whole lot more).You can check out our list of open positions here 
http://hire.jobvite.com/Jobvite/Jobs.aspx?b=nq4bNgwdand please do drop me a line if you are interested - nosh@10gen.comI've been with the company for almost two years now, and have learnt tremendous amounts while having great fun along the way. Here is a post I wrote a couple of months ago about why I work at 10gen:
http://noshpetigara.com/post/7091732384/why-i-work-at-10gen-...Hope to hear from you!
                      
                  
      Senior Developer - Argyle Social - Durham, NC, USAhttp://argylesocial.com/careers/durham-nc-software-engineeri...Solving complex data problems for online marketers. Closed a $1.2M Series A in Sept. 20%+ month-over-month MRR growth for the past 6 months. Talented, ambitious, experienced team.:)
                      
                  
      Atlanta, GA - Vitrue (http://vitrue.com)We're looking for solid developers, and we have a ton of openings.We're a social media marketing company building a platform for corporate clients to manage their presences on Facebook/Twitter and the like. We're primarily a Rails shop. Having said that, we do have projects in other languages, and we frequently hire people with no Rails experience and bring them up to speed on the job.Stuff we use: Ruby, Rails, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Node.js, jQuery, Backbone.js, AWS/Scalr/Engine Yard, and plenty more.For open positions and a better idea of what we do, take a look at our job page: http://vitrue.com/jobs . Not every open position is posted, though, so even if you're not a fan of building customer-facing apps, we might have a place for you.Feel free to either drop me a line or apply direct via the jobs page.
                      
                  
      Minneapolis, MN / Chicago, IL - The Nerdery (http://www.nerdery.com/workwithme/Py)Founded by three programming pioneers in 2003, The Nerdery has over 200 interactive pros who’ve collectively made The Nerdery #1 on Biz Journal’s Best Places to Work list. The Nerdery partners with ad agencies, marketers and others with big ideas to imagine and execute web, mobile and social media projects. Through The Nerdery Overnight Website Challenge, volunteers have donated $1.5 million dollars worth of web development services to 57 nonprofits. We've made Inc. Magazine's lists of fast-growing privately owned companies the past three years, so we’re always seeking people (nerds) who crave the kind of workplace culture we’ve created at our Minneapolis and Chicago offices.We're hiring as fast as possible to keep up with Nerd demand, in many different areas  -- iOS & Android, C# ASP.NET, Drupal, ExpressionEngine, Front End, Java, PHP, Python/Django, IA/UX, Interface Designer, QA, sales, and project managers!What are the Perks of working at The Nerdery?+ Developer-oriented workplace+ 85% of staff has development background including senior management+ Casual dress+ FREE breakfast, soda (& juice, tea, coffee, red bull...), beer & snacks!+ Team environment+ Flexible 40 hour work week+ Performance-based bonuses+ Benefits package including a 401k+ Onsite Yoga classes+ Massage service+ Dogs!+ Convenient lunch ordering and delivery - daily+ Arcade games, Chess, Anime, and daily Hacky Sack+ 101 more reasons here: http://blog.nerdery.com/2011/06/101-reasons-i-love-my-job-th...
                      
                  
      San Francisco, CA (SOMA) - FULL-TIME + INTERNSQuizlet.com is redefining how students study from middle school social studies to university-level Arabic to GRE prep. We deploy new stuff daily to our user base of 6 million students and teachers per month. We're a small, scrappy team in San Francisco, working hard to transform how people learn using technology (read our 17,000+ testimonials: http://quizlet.com/testimonials/).We're looking for entrepreneurial engineers who can do it all: cook up great ideas, design, and implement new features, build for huge scale, get deep in the heads of users and create clean user experiences. Do whatever it takes to make a huge impact!You should love coding (we're not religious about specific technologies, but we use PHP, MySQL, Javascript, HTML5, Node.js, Puppet, Git, and Sphinx, among others)
                      
                  
      San Francisco, CA - AppDynamics (http://appdynamics.com)AppDynamics is a successful, well-funded startup in Application Performance Management space.  Our product and business model are proving to be quite disruptive in a very large market. Companies like Netflix, Priceline.com, Deutsche Bank, Williams Sonoma, Betfair and Nationwide Insurance are using AppDynamics to ensure the performance and availability of their revenue-critical applications.We are:- Hiring software engineers at all levels- Primarily looking for engineers with experience in Java, C#, C++ or C languages- Prior experience building infrastructure products and frameworks like application servers, message bus, performance management tools etc welcome- Willing to sponsor H1B for the right candidateIf you are interested, please email me at bthomas@appdynamics.com.
                      
                  
          Please also see... http://news.ycombinator.com/edit?id=3060222

That should be s/edit/item/.
                      
                  
      ZURICH, SWITZERLAND, senior rails dev and junior or senior java devYou are a Rails developer and want to work in Switzerland?Work at local.ch, Switzerland's second biggest Website, as a Ruby On Rails software engineer. We search a passionate and experienced frontend developer who complements our great team. Enjoy the possibilities to contribute your ideas and the benefits of living in Switzerland, one of the countries with the highest standard of living.Get more information from our job posting http://local-ch.github.com/rails-engineer.html. Just fork it and send a pull request to apply ;-) Or contact Georg Kunz at georg at local.chmore jobs:
http://local-ch.github.com/
                      
                  
      San Francisco, CASeatMe is hiring! We're a cozy 12 person startup in downtown San Francisco. We're revolutionizing the restaurant industry and we need your help! We're in search of:  * Senior Objective-C engineers for iPad/iOS development

How often do you get a chance to work at a tech startup where eating out can be written off as a tax-refundable business expense? Well not here, because our CEO would go to jail (and he's never going back to the big house), but we do work in an awesome intersection of technology and fine dining.We offer a very competitive salary, benefits, moving costs and equity options for all full-time employees. H1B ok.Apply online - http://www.seatme.com/jobs/Questions - jobs@seatme.com
                      
                  
      San Francisco, CAAcademia.edu is a platform for sharing research. Fundamentally we are trying to massively speed up the rate at which research whizzes around the world. For people who have just published a paper, we want that paper instantly to get into the hands of people who are interested in it. It often takes 12-24 months for a paper to get through the journal publication cycle, and to get distributed to the relevant research community. We believe that this is a large inefficiency in the research process, and we believe that there is an opportunity to make a huge impact here. We want to bring the time it takes for a paper to be distributed around a given research community down from 12-24 months down to a matter of hours.Right now we have over 600,000 academics signed up, with about 2,000 joining each day. Our monthly uniques are over 2 million. We have about 700,000 papers, with about 80,000 new papers being added per month.Amongst other technologies, we work with Rails, Redis, MongoDB, Beanstalkd, Varnish, Solr, PostgreSQL, Node.js and Memcached.We're a small team of 7 people in San Francisco, backed by venture capital (Spark Ventures) and angel investors (Mark Shuttleworth, founder of Ubuntu, and Rupert Pennant-Rea, Chairman of the Economist, amongst others). We have a very engineering-focused culture. You can read more about our culture here http://academia.edu/hiring/culture and here http://academia.edu/hiring.We have a very collaborative culture, where everyone discusses everything going on with the company: engineering, product, revenue, user growth, recruiting. We think that building a successful startup is hard enough that we need to leverage everyone's brain power.We're very happy to handle the H1B application process for foreign applicants. Interns are also welcome to apply; we have an intern program detailed at http://academia.edu/hiring. For anyone interested to learn more, feel free to email me directly at richard [at] academia.edu
                      
                  
      San Francisco, CA (25 Kearny St) - MindTribe Product Engineering, Inc.Hi, I’m MindTribe’s director of Software Engineering. I’m searching for people who enjoy learning and making. We’re a small company, and I’m looking for people with whom I would personally like to work and who want to work with me. We're moving from Palo Alto to SF on Nov 1st. And now, besides experienced SENIOR embedded programmers, I am looking for INTERNs and JUNIOR engineers as well. If you enjoyed your microcontroller classes in school, come join us in SF for continuing education.Here are the tools I use regularly: The C programming language (specifically ISO/IEC 9899:1990); Eclipse, Make, Subversion, Git, Python; Linux, Embedded Linux, Android, iOS; ARM processors (TI OMAP, TI Stellaris, NXP LPC); Atmel AVR/AVR32, Microchip PIC, TI MSP430, Cypress PSoCHere is what I enjoy doing at work: Writing embedded software that runs on cool hardware; Figuring out how to apply agile techniques such as test-driven development to embedded product development; Reducing regressions and supporting customer development with agile techniques; Developing embedded libraries for things like USB, TCP/IP, graphics displays, sprites, fonts, encryption, etc.; Having long, dorky conversations with coworkers about programming languages, physics, estimating Facebook’s relative revenue distribution between advertising and games, etc.Here is what I enjoy doing outside of work: Hiking, walking around San Francisco; Pseudonymous humor blogging; Cooking and baking; Photography; Reading. Recently: "Test Driven Development for Embedded C", "The Clean Coder", "The Four Steps to the Epiphany", "The Art of Racing in the Rain", "Norwegian Wood", "The Mind's Eye", and "Cutting for Stone".You can see examples of how I’ve applied my tools and passion here: http://mindtribe.com/portfolio/You don’t have to use the same tools and you don’t have to enjoy the same things. But if you’re excited about similar stuff, drop me a line at hn@mindtribe.com to let me know.We're also hiring ELECTRICAL and MECHANICAL engineers!
                      
                  
      Washington, D.C. or Philadelphia, PA - metaLayer (http://metalayer.com/careers.html)My data vis, visual search technology startup is looking to make three hires. We're an early stage startup currently in DreamIt Ventures incubator in Philadelphia, PA which means you'll get to experience the startup life while surrounded by 14 other startups at the same time.Market Research Assistant - INTERNSenior Software Engineer (Python, Hadoop, PIG) - FULLTIMEBusiness Development/Sales - FULLTIMEThe details are too long to list here but you can find out more and how to apply at our site - http://metalayer.com/careers.html
                      
                  
      Portland OR - DECK Monitoring (Full Time Position, On Site)We build energy monitoring software primarily for the solar energy industry. Our mission is to increase the production of solar energy plants around the world, as well as facilitate their development.We are hiring front end developers who are interested in creating compelling data visualizations with cutting edge web programming languages.We don't currently have a position posted for this job on our website, but I wanted to post here before the thread got too old. Please contact us through the email address on this page if you are interested.http://www.deckmonitoring.com/company.php
                      
                  
      NYC - OctopartWe build tools to help anybody find and source electronic parts and industrial controls components. Octopart is profitable and has half a million monthly users, but we are just beginning to modernize this industry and impact how "stuff" gets designed and made. Our users are engineers, scientists, industrial designers, big companies, little companies, hackers, and students.Looking most urgently for a front ender, an analytics engineer, and a business person, but if you are excited about what we are doing drop us a line: http://octopart.com/jobs
                      
                  
      St. Louis or Washington DC / Maryland area (Full-time)Revelytix (http://revelytix.com) is hiring Clojure developers for full-time, direct employment in St. Louis, Missouri and Baltimore, Maryland USA. We are a relatively small team of developers building semantic technology based, data integration products. We understand that applicants may not have deep Clojure or semantic technology experience, but this is a great place to get it!If you are interested, email a note and your resume to careers _at_ revelytix.com
                      
                  
      Berkeley - PINC Solutions (full-timers)
Senior Ruby on Rails Developer
http://www.pincsolutions.com/page/careers-senior-software-en...Interested in making a direct impact on the productivity and economic strength of United States? We are not into marketing, social media, or financial services.   Instead, our products and services enable real productivity gains in this nation’s physical transport logistics.  The return on investment (ROI) for our customers can be demonstrated in months.  We are unique in our market space. We have a strong technology base and great private investor backing.  Our challenge is to grow quickly, deliver consistently, and keep creating striking values.PINC Solutions has a high quality engineering team.  This is not a sweat shop nor is it a playground for geniuses.  We are smart, professional, and industrious people that enjoy working together to bring Internet technologies to real, physical world needs.   Our engineering office is currently located in Berkeley near University of California but we may move to Pleasanton in 2012.  We are looking for a seasoned RoR developer that is passionate about building highly scalable, secure, robust, and high performance SaaS product.If interested, please send a cover letter along with your resume to jobs@pincsolutions.com
                      
                  
      Evanston, ILLeapfrog Online is looking for a talented Chicago-area Python engineer to work in our Evanston office. Our Python engineers build and maintain high-traffic web sites using the Django web framework. We offer a great working atmosphere, a strong focus on work-life balance, and tremendous opportunities to learn new skills and technologies. We also have competitive salaries and benefits and close-knit teams who like what they do.As we principally focus on the web, we look for real-world experience using Python application frameworks (such as Django) to build high-traffic web sites and applications. Experience with other languages is welcome. What are the extras we look for? Experience producing and consuming web services (SOAP, REST, XML-RPC); experience working with message-oriented systems (AMQP or other message, pub-sub and task queues such as Celery); deep knowledge of version control systems (especially Mercurial or Git); an interest in non-RDBMS data stores (CouchDB, MongoDB, Redis); knowing what it really means to develop RESTful applications; and, experience with functional and declarative programming models in addition to object-oriented development.If you're a bright, self-motivated engineer who enjoys using open source software to solve interesting problems, you’re our kind of programmer, and we’d like to talk to you. You can apply on our site, where you'll also find full job descriptions and information about Leapfrog Online: http://www.leapfrogonline.com/who/careers/
                      
                  
      SF, CA - Head of Product, Mobile Devs, Frontend DevsLife360  - a utility used by millions of families
  - actually wants to make a difference in people's lives
  - working on some very ambitious goals

Life360 is not  - another photo sharing app
  - a Groupon clone
  - built on the FB platform

Life360 offers  - interesting and engaging work
  - great pay and awesome equity
  - lots of freedom

Life360 would love to tell you more  - alex@life360.com
  - http://life360.jobscore.com/list
                      
                  
      Los Angeles or Bay Area or Shanghai preferred, but remote work is possible for exceptional candidates. Full-time only. If you're interested in working remotely, you must live in the U.S. H1B is okay.Factual aims to be the place where people meet to share, improve, and mash-up data. Our vision is to be an awesome and affordable data provider, so that big companies, startups, and developers can focus on innovation instead of data acquisition.We have a terrific team that is still fairly small, and an incredible CEO (he was the co-founder of Applied Semantics, which was sold to Google and became AdSense). Last year we raised a Series A from Andreessen-Horowitz, and our customers and partners include Facebook, SimpleGeo, and Newsweek. We have lots of challenging problems to work on at all layers of the stack: data cleaning and canonicalization, deduping, storage, serving, APIs, etc. If you love data, Factual is the place to be.We currently have about half a dozen job openings, from data engineering to software engineering to system administration. For the software engineering position, you would ideally know Java, Clojure, and/or Ruby, and you'll get bonus points for experience with machine learning, NoSQL, algorithms, infrastructure, and/or Hadoop.If you're interested in the Bay Area office, it's just starting up, so you'd have a significant influence on the culture there.http://www.factual.com/jobs or you can email me personally at leo -at- factual.com. Thanks for reading!
                      
                  
      (+1) Awesome CEO + hugely challenging projects. Sweet LA office.
                      
                  
      Web Engineer - SeatGeek - New York, NYWe're looking for a hacker who is super-hungry and sees building web apps as more than just a job. We're a data-driven web app that's trying to use analytics and exceptional UX to making buying event tickets a wholly better experience. #Python #Ruby #PHP #MySQL #Redis #MongoDB #JavascriptCompetitive comp, outstanding benefits, and a kick ass team. Only looking for folks in NYC.
http://seatgeek.com/jobs/web_engineer/
                      
                  
      Irvine, CA (Orange County)
Drink Pass(http://drinkpass.me) Going out just got easierThe position will mainly focus on leading the development of the Drink Pass iPhone/Android application. In particular, we’re interested in individuals with a keen attention to detail, a passion for mobile app development, and an interest in the club and bar scene.> Responsibilities:
Leading the development of the Drink Pass iPhone/Android applications
Work together with other team members in QA, Business Development, and> Requirements:
Experience developing iPhone applications using Objective C, Cocoa, XCode and Interface Builder
General understanding of web technologies including HTML, CSS, Javascript
Team player and hustler who gets things done
Experience with version control (we use Sourceforge)
BS/BA in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering or related field preferred (let us know what projects you’ve worked on yourself or for a company)> What we offer:
Stock options
TelecommutingThe Drink Pass team consists of 7 people. We like to work in a fast-paced and fun environment. Everyone’s voice is always heard and your contributions will make a huge impact on what we do.*If you’re interested, email us at jobs@drinkpass.me including your resume and cover letter. In your cover letter, describe your interest in mobile payments and past experience developing for either iOS or Android. Feel free to link to any past projects or work you've done (Github, Sourceforge).
                      
                  
      INTERN, H1B acceptableGeneralist or Backend EngineerPalo Alto - Tinfoil Security (http://www.tinfoilsecurity.com) - 500startups companyAbout Tinfoil Security:Tinfoil Security is the simplest way to secure your website. To the user, we provide an easy-to-use reporting interface that tells you where we found vulnerabilities, what they are, and provides a step-by-step wizard of how to fix them. Behind the scenes, we're crawling the site looking for every potential input vector and attempting to infiltrate, just like any external hacker would. The catch is we do this non-maliciously and without leaving a trace. Sound interesting?We're looking for incredibly smart guys (or girls) who like to get their hands dirty. If you don't know the answer, find it. If you can't find it, build it; but don't reinvent the wheel. If all the wheels suck though, build a better one.We're revolutionizing the stale and boring security industry, and making website and mobile security accessible to the world, so no business has to continue being the "low hanging fruit." It's absurd that security is only understood by so few developers and business owners in the world, when so much of it is actually pretty simple to understand. We want to change that. Join us.About you:You'll be employee #1.Our entire stack is Ruby at the moment, but we have a strong affinity for Python, Scala, and C, in no particular order. We're of the mindset that you pick the best tool for the job, much as you wouldn't hammer in a nail with a wrench (unless you didn't have a hammer and really needed to get it done fast).You'll be in charge of a large project, and will be given the ability to take charge of it and make it your own. On the flipside, you should be willing to take on that challenge.More than anything else, I can guarantee you'll have a boatload of fun, learn a ton, and produce software people really care about; lots of people.We offer significant equity, market salary, benefits, your choice of equipment, etc. We're based in Mountain View and are looking for people that can hack in the office with us.Please get in touch -- borski@tinfoilsecurity.com -- we'd love to chat. :)
                      
                  
      San Mateo, CASociable Labs is building the future of social commerce and we're looking for a few more engineers to help. A passion for learning, communication skills, and intellectual horsepower are more important to us than what you know.Our product is essentially a more advanced version of facebook's social plugins. See a couple of examples at http://www.backcountry.com/ski ("Ask your friends" section at bottom) and http://www.active.com/running/palo-alto-ca/marsh-madness-5k-... ("Connect with friends" section on the right)We have a modular JavaScript front end that works with the Facebook platform and makes use of cutting edge technologies like localStorage and CORS (cross-domain ajax). Our back end is Java / Jetty / Postgres on Amazon EC2.We offer competitive pay, great benefits (including the best PTO policy I've ever seen), and an enjoyable working environment.More details about the company and the jobs here: http://www.sociablelabs.com/careers.htmI work on the front-end but feel free to ask me questions about anything. If I don't know, I'll get you to the right person. Reply here or email nathan@[company site].com
                      
                  
      Seattle, WA & Boston, MABe a part of an awesome team of hackers with Security Innovation.We find security issues in some incredibly interesting pieces of software, from web applications to embedded and mobile to desktop and server apps. If you think the world is a scary, insecure place and 0x41414141 makes you smile, please apply!We encourage you to do your own security research and give you time and budget to pursue those topics. We want you to attend and speak at the conferences, write tools, white papers and blog posts on topics of your choosing. Beyond that we have an awesome perks package. You get a ton of freedom to be a rockstar.We have developed or helped develop Blackmamba(http://rootfoo.org/blackmamba), Firesheep and other cool security tools.We have four positions (and multiple openings) open:- Security Engineer - the pen-testers that find vulns- Lead Security Engineer - a seasoned security professional that can run our new Boston based security team- Sales Engineer - a technical engineer that can help bridge the gap between sales and the engineers- Linux System Engineer - Help build and design the most secure Kiosk system in the world based on some really cool tech.If this sounds up your alley, e-mail me at jobs@securityinnovation.com or find out more about us at http://bit.ly/SICareers
                      
                  
      Mountain View, CA - Zanbato Group - Full Time/InternWe are looking for world-class software engineers who love to develop in a fast-paced environment, who love solving hard problems and are ready to join a small, fast growing team.  Our technology stack is primarily Django / Python /HTML/CSS and Javascript/jQuery, but if you have previous experience using agile web frameworks, you will fit right in.About us:Zanbato is revolutionizing the market for global infrastructure investments. We are a team of passionate young engineers and entrepreneurs, developing an online marketplace and process management technology for investments in infrastructure projects (toll roads, airports, power plants, etc.). Our technology combines features from online listing services, social networking platforms, and process management tools to support governments, private investors, and their advisors in bringing infrastructure projects to completion. We are still small, under 20 employees, but growing quickly and have some incredible opportunities in the horizon, including a partnership with African Development Bank to create a custom made platform that will further infrastructure development in Africa, a continent with nearly a billion people, who currently face the largest infrastructure gap in the world.We were founded in 2010 by Joe Lonsdale, co-founder of Palantir Technologies, and Dr. Ryan J. Orr, executive director at Stanford’s Collaboratory for Research on Global Projects. We have closed two very successful fundraising rounds and . If you are interested in applying, send an email with your resume to careers@zanbatogroup.com and we'll be in touch shortly.
                      
                  
      Mountain View, CAAddepar (addepar.com) is a software company looking to solve challenging problems in the financial industry.We're looking for exceptional engineers to develop our revolutionary technologies. The job description is broad, and you'll do everything from accessing and exploring complex sets of financial data to sculpting the finer points of the user interface. The position is perfect for an engineer who is passionate about coding and enjoys solving difficult problems. If you want to transform an industry, work around the most talented individuals, and be challenged on a daily basis, Addepar will be a great fit.Our CEO, Joe Lonsdale, is a founder of Palantir Technologies, which is known for revolutionizing technology in other key areas of the world's international defense and finance communities. In his early twenties, Joe helped to build a multi-billion dollar hedge fund, where he was one of the top traders. Our technical team is led by CTO Jason Mirra, and is composed of computer scientists from Stanford, Berkeley, MIT, and Carnegie Mellon. Addepar is supported and advised by a group of international billionaires, and some of the most respected Silicon Valley venture capitalists.http://addepar.com/careers.php
                      
                  
      Urgently hiring for a Senior Systems Engineer:As a Systems Engineer at Addepar, you will utilize your combination of significant LINUX experience, network knowledge, and debugging skills to design, deploy, monitor and automate all operational aspects of Addepar's platform. You will be directly responsible for deploying both offensive and defensive techniques to keep our platform humming. You should have a background in large-scale system administration and be familiar with open source technologies, such as Nagios. You will work very closely with the product and development teams. Experience with Amazon's AWS is preferred. Familiarity with Java, MySQL, MongoDB, Javascript is a plus!Job Responsibilities:-You will be responsible for the overall health and performance of our platform.
-You should know standard security practices and also be able to identify any potential application specific vulnerabilities.
-Tools development. We want engineers that can automate the deployment, administration, and monitoring of our large-scale Linux environments
-Gain deep application-level knowledge of the systems as well as contributing to their overall design
-Work with development teams to enhance, document, establish process and generally improve the operability of our systems
                      
                  
      Software Architects/ Developers needed
Colorado / RemoteI'm working on a promising idea for TechStars Cloud (http://www.techstars.com/cloud/).  I'm designing a product around OpenStack technology that will bring cloud storage to the average business.  I'm looking for one or two developers with strong experience building back-end services to join me as co-founders for this venture.  During the TechStars application process, this position is unpaid.  We're working on this project in the evenings, after our full-time jobs.  It's a gamble, I know.  On the other hand, I think that we have a strong idea and if you join me now, we will be dividing our ownership of this venture equally amongst the three or four of us.For now, this product is being worked on remotely.  If selected for TechStars Cloud, we may continue to work remotely or we may converge in San Antonio, TX for the TechStars incubation stage.  Obviously, you must be able to work legally in the US.  No H1B sponsorship available.About me: I have 18 years of experience as an engineer in the Internet industry.  I've spent the last four years working with cloud computing for a major hosting provider.  This idea is the genesis of daily conversations that I have with customers.  It's a product that I think business is screaming for but nobody has perfected yet--and I think I know how to perfect it.If you think you have the chops to take on a project like this, send me your resume and some links to projects that you've worked on, preferably on GitHub or the like so that I can review your contributions.kumogumo@gmail.com
                      
                  
      London
OpenMarket are looking for Java developers to work on mobile messaging/payments platforms.
We offer hard problems, lots of autonomy, an engineering driven culture and full control over product delivery from design through to deployment.
See http://www.mxtelecom.com/uk/careers/roles/softdev for more details or contact me directly at neil.johnson //at// openmarket.com
                      
                  
      Any interest in part-time or freelance remote work?
                      
                  
      Sorry, we're only looking for permanent roles at the moment.
                      
                  
      Dallas / Austin / REMOTE / Relocate possibleprojekt202Job Title: Full time consultant - Senior .NET Developer / Architectprojekt202 is a small but growing full-service consulting company that combines deep design expertise, a focus on user experience, and a proven technology focus. We integrate applications, human processes, and secure, scalable technology platforms for emotionally rich and intuitive user solutions.We are looking for senior level .NET consultants who are interested in collaborating with our design and user experience experts to deliver compelling applications.  We have worked for clients you have heard of and on products you probably own.  The ideal candidate would conscientiously apply their mastery of .NET to ensure our clients receive applications that are both beautiful and functional inside and out.Things we like: MVC, LINQ, IoC / DI, Agile, Continuous IntegrationThough we're looking for C# / .NET experts, we also do work in other languages (Ruby, Python, Java for Android, ObjectiveC for iOS), so interest or familiarity with any of those is appreciated.Remote work is a possibility, as is relocation to Dallas or Austin (where are main offices are).  Unlike many other consulting companies, we try to work from our offices rather than the client site so we get an opportunity to actually interact with each other.  We provide small benefits like snacks and drinks and larger ones like really good health insurance that is mostly company paid.  If you are interested, email your resume to join@capturaonline.com (Captura and projekt202 recently merged and we're working on the technology migration)
                      
                  
      Boston, MA - Lead Engineer at Her Campus Media (students welcome to apply for engineering internships)tl;dr Award-winning digital media start-up in Boston seeks an outstanding Lead Engineer to lead all tech development.Her Campus (HerCampus.com) is an online magazine for college women. It also serves as a marketing firm connecting companies to college students in creative ways. We're looking for an outstanding Lead Engineer to join our executive team as a key decision-maker for a new product offering we're building from the ground up.We're a fast-paced team of enthusiastic entrepreneurs with ambitious goals. We've been named to BusinessWeek's 25 Under 25 Best Young Entreprenuers, Inc. magazine's 30 Under 30 Coolest Young Entrepreneurs, and have been featured in the New York Times, Forbes, The Boston Globe, Mashable, and more.This is an opportunity to make a real long-term impact in an early-stage business -- you pick the technologies we'll use. We're serious about this "Lead Engineer" title. The ideal candidate will love thinking about where the product should go as well as have the coding skills to build it. We're confident that Her Campus is going to blow it out of the water, so come join us!To learn more, contact me directly:Annie Wang
Co-founder, Her Campus Media
annie@hercampus.com
                      
                  
      San Jose - BVI Networks (bvinetworks.com). INTERN, H1B welcome.If you run an e-commerce website, you probably use google analytics, mixpanel or similar to track your customers and do some funnel analysis, A/B testing etc to optimize your site.If you run a physical retail store though, you're out of luck. How many people walk into my store and leave frustrated, without buying anything? Why isn't my hot new item selling - is no one seeing it, or are they seeing it but not buying because the price is too high? There's no easy way to find answers to these today.Not having cookies or IPs makes tracking in the real-world a real challenge! We primarily acquire data through machine vision algorithms that run against video cameras in the stores and identify and track people, but we also use data from a host of other technologies (RFID, WiFi, Zigbee, etc) to get the full picture.We just closed our series B, and are scaling very fast. We use C/C++, Java, Python and Flex. Our product runs on Linux. We like super-smart generalist hackers who like working on a variety of things - UI development, machine vision algorithms, AI, data mining/analytics on big data (last month we tracked nearly 2M people worldwide!). Hit us up at jobs@bvinetworks.com.
                      
                  
      Are you looking only for full-time, onsite devs?
                      
                  
      Yes, onsite full-time or interns.
                      
                  
      H1B sponsorship possible?
                      
                  
      Seattle WA, H1B welcome. http://www.amazon.com/tradeinMy team at Amazon is looking for software engineers to help grow the Amazon Trade-In program: customers send us their used books, video games, movies and electronics in exchange for Amazon gift cards.We're looking for smart engineers that are effective at both frontend and backend work and have a track record of getting things done. Email is in the profile.
                      
                  
      SoHo, New York, NYGO TRY IT ON (http://www.gotryiton.com) is a venture backed start-up seeking to transform the social retailing space by giving people real-time answers to the question, "What should I wear?"We're looking to hire generalist developers who can build products to bridge the gap between online retail shopping and social networking.We play with:  PHP, MySQL, Javascript, jQuery, iOS, HTML5, Backbone, Sencha Touch, Rails, AWSWe make your life easier with: Git, Vagrant, Chef, Capistrano, Macs, and lots of Diet CokeWe have: Series A funding from SPA investments and Index Ventures, a small, growing team of very smart people, a brand new office on the 21st floor, and an awesome panoramic city view  
[n: http://twitpic.com/6udocv,
e: http://twitpic.com/6udp0j,
s: http://twitpic.com/6udphj,
sw: http://twitpic.com/6udpsx]Email simon@gotryiton.comOr check out: http://www.gotryiton.com/jobs
                      
                  
      San Francisco -- NomicFront-end Developers and a Platform EngineerNomic is an economic network, a platform for the world's economic relationships.  We are enabling relationships that don't belong on social networks, but which we each depend upon on a daily basis.Nomic is seed funded and we are assembling our founding technical team.  Find out more about our open positions at http://nomic.com.Cheers!Nate Boyd, President & Co-founder, Nomic
                      
                  
      Rangespan <http://www.rangespan.com>; (Paddington Area, London, UK)Job DescriptionWe're looking for a senior developer to join our team and lead subsequent members. As one of the first technical team-members, you will have broad and hands-on responsibility for development of extremely high-scale systems and web services for retailers and suppliers.Requirements:* Fluency with Python and Django
* Proficient with MongoDB and MySQL
* Experience with REST Web Service, Flask and fault-tolerant AWS architectures is a plus
* Demonstrated experience building a platform from scratch
* Experience with catalogue systems is a plus
* A knack for solving problems creativelyAbout Rangespan:Founded by ex-Amazon executives and engineers, Rangespan is an ambitious e-commerce software company that makes it easy for retailers to offer deep product selection. We're solving complex problems with huge data sets.Contact Info:* Contact: Christian Ricci
* Email: chris@rangepan.com
* Web: http://www.rangespan.com/jobs/
* No telecommuting (full-time, onsite, no contractors, no recruiters)
                      
                  
      Eugene, Oregon, internship possible, noremoteOn Time Systems is a small company (about 22 employees) that develops AI applications for scheduling and routing. We're currently looking for software engineers to work on Green Driver (a smartphone app that uses real-time data from traffic signals to help drivers find the fastest route (http://imagreendriver.com)) and ACFP, the flight planning system used by the US Air Force for routing non-combat flights. We're looking especially for people with a strong algorithmic background.We have some really nice benefits, including (in addition to the usual ones like medical) sabbaticals, massages, your own office with a window, and 100% tuition reimbursement (including flight school if you work on our flight planning software). We used to be a research lab at the University of Oregon, and the atmosphere maintains some of the academic feel.See http://www.otsys.com/employment.php for more details. Send your resume to jobs+hackernews@otsys.com
                      
                  
      Dallas, TX local candidates only.
3 positions open on my team:
Scrum Software Engineer for Test, Scrum Product Owner,
and we're looking for an UX Expert.This is a greenfield javascript/html5 project.  We're building a very advance browser application.  All three positions will be working closely with 4 developers in a team room on a scrum project.Software Engineer for Test:  You should know what a testable application looks like and have experience with and a deep understanding of BDD, DDD, and TDD.  Experience with automated (build driven) testing tools a plus.  Tools we're using currently include: nodejs, jasmine, and psake.  but we expect the candidate to provide guidance, and take charge of making the application testable and tested.Product Owner: Scrum master experience a huge plus.  You would be the face of the team to the rest of the company.  Manage the backlog of work providing guidance regarding priority of feature development.  Work with project management and user groups on defining requirements.  Industry experience in financial trading preferred.  A solid scrum background preferred.UX Expert: Experience building web application interfaces preferred.  You would be responsible for building a user pleasing interface over a very powerful application.  You would also design several alternate interfaces for many different audiences from power users to newbies, from Americans to Zimbabweans, and also many different platforms - Desktop browsers, tablet, phone, windows 8 app store, chrome app store, etc...  Experience with data analysis interfaces preferred (charts, graphs, and tables).We are targeting modern browsers.  We will support IE9+ only. ( potentially IE10+ only).We offer competitive pay and flexible hours.email your resume and contact info to luv2code gmail com
                      
                  
      New York City, NYGreatist is looking for a passionate web developer who wants to disrupt the health and fitness space. We inspire and inform our readers to make one healthier choice per week by providing them with entertaining, high-quality, relatable content - the Greatist way.We need a smart self-starter who loves simplicity and effectiveness, builds stuff for fun that’s been successful, and wants to take ownership of the technical side of things. Ideally, you’ll be experienced with PHP, WordPress, and Javascript, but that doesn’t matter as much as a desire to learn and grow. Your work will be seen - we had over 250,000 unique visitors last month, and we’re only getting bigger. At Greatist, we believe every team member makes an impact. Passion for health and fitness is a must— we live the life we champion!This is a full-time position in NYC. Send your resume, favorite health and fitness tip, Github profile, and anything else you can think of to opps (at) greatist (dot) com.Email kelli (at) greatist (dot) com if you have any other questions - or just want to swap recipes.
                      
                  
      Saltaire, West Yorkshire, UK. PHP devs wanted (FULL-TIME, ON-SITE)
... by fleetondemand.com, a funded start-up developing web apps for the business fleet/motor industryWhat we're mostly looking for:
- experience in OO PHP, mySQL and modern javascript use (we use jQuery)
- team worker, appreciative of customers and usersAny of this would be a bonus:
- strong cross browser/device HTML&CSS
- experience in Apache administration, mod_rewrite etc
- familiarity with version control
- linux sysadmin
- web design & illustration skillsJoining our dev team, you'd be contributing to current and future work:
- extending functionality on our app; from the system model, through to page builds and testing
- using and contributing to our in-house MVC framework
- communicating with 3rd party systems using existing APIs or bespoke mechanisms
- benchmarking, scalability and penetration testing
- scalability solutions (caching, DB replication, load balancing, noSQL, ....?)Interested? Want to know more? Hey, where do I send my CV? danm@fleetondemand.com
                      
                  
      Here's a summary of startup related job boards from around the world, most of them are broadly recruiter free:======================US:Crunchboard http://www.crunchboard.com/jobs/Startuply http://www.startuply.com/YC Company Jobs: http://news.ycombinator.com/jobs======================UK:CoderStack (Developer Jobs - run by me) 
http://www.coderstack.co.uk/startup-jobsMind The Product (Product Management Jobs) http://mindtheproduct.com/jobs/Work in Startups http://www.workinstartups.com/Enternships - (Startup Internships) http://www.enternships.com/en/enternships======================Germany:Berlin Startup Jobs http://berlinstartupjobs.com/======================Canada:StartupNorth http://jobs.startupnorth.ca/
                      
                  
      Add to this http://greenhornconnect.com/jobboard/search for those in New England
                      
                  
      Also http://www.startupshiring.com
                      
                  
      Also http://job4dev.com that already makes a decent job of aggregating a few of these sites.
                      
                  
      Reston, VA (west of Washington, DC) - Full Time or Contractor (H1B maybe if already in US)Lucidmedia Networks - http://www.lucidmedia.comInternet ad network startup looking primarily for Java developers (experience with SQL and front-end web experience would be great too). The Internet advertising industry is quite complex behind the scenes and somewhat parallels the structure of the financial markets. We are analogous to a high frequency trading firm, buying page views to serve ads in real-time on exchanges like that of Google or Yahoo. Our server software runs on Spring, MySQL, Redis, and AWS at a glance. We handle about a billion page impressions a day. Big data, big throughput.Small yet experienced team, catered lunches _everyday_, your choice of Mac or PC (dev team is almost all Mac now), good benefits. Our office has superhero posters all over the walls.Contact me directly at sahil_lmn@yahoo.com.I actually got hired through a HN "Who is Hiring" thread. These things do work!
                      
                  
      Interns welcome too.
                      
                  
      New York, NY | London, UKMedidata Solutions is looking for 2 DevOps Engineers to assists in the configuration, management and deployment of SaaS software using Infrastructure as as Service provided by Amazon Web Services.*nix (Debian/Ubuntu), Ruby, Bash, Chef, Amazon Web Services api, nginx, git, phusion passenger, java, tomcat, EC2, ELB, RDS, S3...contact j p e t i t b o n a t m d s o l d o t c o m
                      
                  
      NYC or Remote (Full-time and Intern)CB Insights (http://www.cbinsights.com)National Science Foundation backed data-as-a-service company...generating real revenue and going after the lumbering dinosaurs in our industryLooking for:- Front end developer- Machine learning/NLP- Data journalistMore here - http://www.cbinsights.com/hiring.phpapply at info@cbinsights.com
                      
                  
      San Francisco, CA - YammerYammer is an awesome tech startup masquerading as an enterprise software vendor. We're building an enterprise social network (an internal communication and collaboration tool. Like Facebook.) and we need your help.We build our product with insight and wisdom gained from the consumer social networking space, but we charge enterprise prices (and our customers pay them!) We're fighting some big serious competitors (Salesforce/Chatter, Jive, and VMWare/Socialcast) and this space has never been more exciting.Yammer is really changing the way people get work done. We have actual challenges to overcome and we're doing our best to make a kick-ass product that makes our users happy.Tech we use: Ruby/Rails, Scala, and JavaScript. We have Obj-C and C# stuff too.Some bullet points for you to skim:• Amazing group of smart engineers to work with. Really.• We hack in Ruby/Rails, Scala/JVM, Javascript/JQuery/Node.js/Adobe AIR, Obj-C for iOS, and some MSFT/Sharepoint stuff.• Competitive compensation. Enough said.• Delicious catered lunch and dinner daily, with a 3PM snack cart. Also a fully-stocked beer-and-beverage fridge.• Fancy Apple hardware of your choice (you can have a PC if you really want one.)Some links for you to read more:• Our jobs page: https://www.yammer.com/jobs• Our Engineering blog: http://eng.yammer.com/• A blog post about why it's so awesome to work here: http://eng.yammer.com/blog/2011/5/31/shameless-recruiting.ht...Feel free to get in touch: bkudria@yammer-inc.com
                      
                  
      Palo Alto, CAWePayhttps://www.wepay.com/jobs - We're solving a real problem, making tons of money while doing it and are taking PayPal head on. Read our blog post about why we're hiring: http://www.wepay.com/blog/2011/09/29/why-wepay-is-hiring/H1B welcome.
                      
                  
      South Africa (Johannesburg or Cape Town)Saidwot (http://www.saidwot.com)We are hiring Backend Developers with experience in Python and MySQL or Postgresql. Bonus points for experience with Java, Solr/Lucene or MongoDB.
We are also hiring Frontend Developers with experience in PHP, Javascript and HTML.Drop me a mail at my HN username at gmail.
                      
                  
      New York, NYBookish is hiring Scala and Rails engineers to work on a project that puts Reading Rainbow to shame.Lots of interesting work around recommendations, big big data, ereading, and everything in between.http://www.startuply.com/Jobs/Software_Engineers_Scala_Ruby_...
                      
                  
      How is Scala working for you guys? I am learning the language and trying to get it to catch on at my company (which uses a lot of Java but has really smart people who could pick up Scala easily IME).Having almost finished Odersky's book, I've reached the conclusion that Scala is somewhere between (a) the best language out there, and (b) at risk of getting into over-complex C++ territory. I'd have to take it to 25,000 lines at least before I could have a reasonably useful opinion on it. It looks fun, though.MongoDB: what are the advantages of it? How does that work out for you? "NoSQL" is interesting to me because I've never used any of those products. I worked at a company that tried to use sharded MySQL, which is pure hell if you want (a) anything more than a key-value store (because you're multi-sharding and have to keep consistency) and (b) performance at the same time.
                      
                  
      Scala has worked out very well for us. We introduced a similar stack (Scala services backend "data switches" with various front ends using the APIs. For your Java team Scala will be a snap to pick up, and undertaking to master. But the nice thing about is everyone can be fully productive as more and more advanced techniques find their way into code. Scala code can be made overly  complex in the wrong hands. So can Ruby and Python :)A lot's been written about why Mongo, what are problems it is singularly suited to solving. At Bookish, we're using Mongo for a use case clearly not well-suited to a relational structure, where the ability to query by elements other than document key are essential. So far so good.(Andy Parsons, CTO at Bookish)
                      
                  
      A bunch of companies are actively hiring on our platform, CodeEval.com - solve a challenge to get placed in awesome companies!http://codeeval.com/public_sc/48/  => Milo (a eBay company)http://codeeval.com/public_sc/37/  => Ampush Mediahttp://codeeval.com/public_sc/6/   => Factualhttp://codeeval.com/public_sc/45/  => HiGearhttp://codeeval.com/public_sc/12/  => Shopp.ly\http://codeeval.com/public_sc/10/  => Asanahttp://codeeval.com/public_sc/55/  => lolappshttp://codeeval.com/public_sc/47/  => deviantart
                      
                  
      New York, NY (in NoHo on Broadway). Full time and internships.QLabsWe're a new type of in-house incubator: we prototype startups by building and launching an MVP every 6-8 weeks.
This is like startup boot-camp. Come hack with us on amazing projects, learn everything there is to know about building and launching products and starting companies, all without the painful early-startup salary.We take an aggressive approach to learning and inspiration. Two weeks ago, our team spent an entire day visiting MIT's Media Lab, where we learned about biomechatronics, fluid interfaces, and more. Even though our primary tool is Rails, half of us just learned nodejs for a two-week 'sprint project'.The lab started in February of this year, and now has five awesome developers (hailing from Columbia, ITP, NYC Resistor, and more). We're looking to fill position #6.Show us your projects: we love to see an entrepreneurial streak and a diversity of experience.Email me at rw@rwinslow.com if this appeals to you!
                      
                  
      San Francisco, CAVerticalResponse is hiring for a lot of great positions:* Ruby on Rails Developers* Ruby on Rails Architect* Director of Product Management* Search Engine Marketing (SEM) Analyst* Senior QA Automation Engineer* Online Marketing Specialist* Product Manager* Director of Acquisition Marketing* Senior Financial Analyst* Customer Relations SpecialistVR is an established and successful, privately held company 
in SF for the last 10 years. We work with Rails 3, Git, JQuery, Rspec, backbone.js, Haml, Sass, TDD, pair programming, agile development and other leading technologies (you don't need to have experience with all of these). I've been working there as an engineer for 7 months now and really enjoy it.Occasional work from home is allowed if you have an important appointment or need to keep germs out of the office. We have happy hour on Fridays and the fridge is stocked with a wide variety of beer, so we'll sometimes end the day with a cold brew while we finish pairing on a difficult problem.Apply here: http://jobvite.com/m?3RB34fwj
                      
                  
      San Francisco, fulltime/internships/H1B
Causes - http://www.causes.com/joinus
At Causes, use your programming powers to help nonprofits effect change on the world! Ruby on Rails + jQuery stack, 10-ish person engineering team, the usual startup perks (catering, snacks, soda, etc), gym membership reimbursement, open source contributions encouraged:
https://github.com/causes/suggestomatic -- item based collaborative filter
https://github.com/causes/buffet -- distributed testing framework for Ruby
https://github.com/causes/mock_redis -- mock redis Ruby gem
Apply through the site or adam@causes.com if interested!
                      
                  
      Toronto, CanadaEventMobi (http://www.eventmobi.com) is growing it's development team and looking to add the few core members that will be crucial to our next stages as a startup.We are the leading mobile platform for the largest and coolest shows and conferences. Clients like Disney, Crocs and Hyatt have used EventMobi to disrupt and enhance the attendee experience at their events. Have a look here at the type of candidate we are looking for: http://www.linkedin.com/jobs?viewJob=&jobId=1991574And have a look here about our team: http://blog.eventmobi.com/eventmobi-is-growing/If being on the leading edge of mobile web is something that interests you, then let's chat! Send us an email at work@eventmobi.com
                      
                  
      San Francisco, CA (SOMA) - Booyah!We're a mobile games company that focuses on using real-world elements (e.g. location) as part of our entertainment experiences.  We're primarily focused on iOS development right now, but we have a lot of cross-platform (Android, Flash, Mac, PC, etc.) experience in-house as well.We're the game studio that brought you MyTown, Early Bird, DJ Rivals, and Nightclub City.We're current looking for gameplay engineers (http://www.booyah.com/jobs/?id=41) and a senior systems engineer (http://www.booyah.com/jobs/?id=37).We're a Mac shop.  Our code lives in git.  Jenkins keeps us honest.  Engineers use whatever other tools they prefer.We also have business, project management, and art openings: http://www.booyah.com/jobs/
                      
                  
      Dallas, TX - OrgSync - http://www.orgsync.com/careersWe were founded in 2007, have over 200 universities as clients and are growing rapidly to reach our goal of working with the 4,000+ colleges and universities across the United States and Canada. In the future, we will also be entering other markets that can utilize our dynamic and evolving product. We have an exciting and relaxed corporate culture that values team members' contributions and dedication. Come be a part of our growth.Most of our code is written in Ruby and runs on the Rails stack backed by a MySQL database, but we also incorporate other technologies such as Node.js, Memcached and Redis. We use GitHub for version control and our infrastructure is entirely hosted via cloud services.We're hiring:
- Ruby Developers
- Front-end Developer
- Operations Engineer
                      
                  
      Boston - Harvard School of Public HealthThe Hide Lab at the Harvard School of Public Health is looking for an enthusiastic and talented software developer to join our team. We are building an integrated system to store, manage and analyze stem cell data. This is a great opportunity to be involved in cutting edge stem cell research and the open source bioinformatics community.The project uses the Galaxy software framework (http://galaxy.psu.edu/) for storing, analyzing, visualizing and sharing genomic data. Galaxy is primarily implemented in Python and makes substantial use of JavaScript for its web-based interface.Interested? See http://www.researchgate.net/job/26994_Bioinformatics_Softwar... for the complete job description.
                      
                  
      Monroe MI, or Orlando FLSenior Linux System AdministratorWe are a small, growing team of expert Linux admins and are looking to bring on our next team member. We work on exciting projects and provide 24×7 monitoring services for our customers.More detail available at http://www.mnxsolutions.com/jobs
                      
                  
      San Francisco - Foodspotting★ 3 Ruby on Rails Developers (Frontend, Backend & Server Ops Focused)★ 1 UX-Minded iOS DeveloperFoodspotting is the first and leading mobile app for finding and rating dishes. We're looking for developers who have what it takes to transform Foodspotting from a visual local guide into the "Pandora for Food." As part of a small development team (currently 3 people), you’ll have the opportunity to shape a product and business model from its earliest days -- while eating a lot of great food along the way!You can learn more & apply with one click at:Rails: http://www.linkedin.com/jobs?viewJob=&jobId=1991095iOS: http://www.linkedin.com/jobs?viewJob=&jobId=1991581http://foodspotting.com
                      
                  
      Boston MA - Akiban: http://akiban.comWe're building an open source SQL database system from the ground up, with a radically different approach to storage (not rows, not columns). We're hiring in two areas:- Testing: Build out infrastructure (Python), contribute to system test plan, help write the tests. We're currently using Jenkins and Launchpad, and we're looking for someone to help bring in additional frameworks for testing, or build what's necessary.- Field engineer: We have already located customers who have problems that our technology will solve. The role involves understanding customer schemas and queries, setting them up with our technology, integrate with the customer's systems, and support the customer as they use our products.Check our website for more information on the product, our technology, and details on these positions.
                      
                  
      San Francisco, CAAffine Systems generates data about online video using computer vision (face recognition, product recognition, scene classification, etc.) for advertisers to use in targeting and filtering their online video campaigns.We did over a million dollars in revenue last year working on campaigns for major brands. We recently raised our B round, led by Crosslink Capital, the investors behind Pandora.We are looking for test-driven engineers to work on an internet-scale video processing pipeline using Python, MySQL, Hadoop, Selenium, ffmpeg and other open source tools. Its goal is to find and ingest videos from web pages and to generate and store metadata about those videos using our vision algorithms written in C++.Please no remote hires. You must be able to work alongside us at our office in San Francisco five days a week.If interested, please contact me (founder/ CTO) at bobby@affinesystems.comThanks.
                      
                  
      Palo Alto, CA(H1B welcome)Shopkick - http://www.shopkick.com/jobs.htmlShopkick is a startup looking to use mobile to transform retail shopping. Macy's, Best Buy, Target, and Proctor and Gamble are just a few of our partners. We are backed with $20 million in funding from Kleiner Perkins and Greylock Partners. We're still small, but we are growing fast.Here is a recent tech crunch article on us: http://techcrunch.com/2011/09/27/shopkick-by-the-numbers-700...A few of the positions we are hiring for:* Mobile developers (iOS & Android)* Server side developers* User experience designer* Marketing, Customer Service, & moreGo to http://www.shopkick.com/jobs.html for more details and to apply online.
                      
                  
      Baltimore, MD - Bizelo (http://www.bizelo.com)An awesome platform for small-business SaaS appsFULL TIME, CONTRACT, INTERN -- all ok! We do prefer local, but super-highly skilled remote folks are welcome as well.
Solid PHP, MySQL, MVC/OOP skills wanted / needed!Drop us a note  at team [at] bizelo.com
                      
                  
      My team at Amazon.com (Customer Service Technology) is hiring SDEs!We are a small team of 7 engineers, but we each develop systems from the ground up, straight from DB design to front-end UI. We deploy new features almost every day.We mostly have Java, with a sprinkling of C++ in our services and use the Perl/Mason framework for our web apps and Dojo/JQuery for Javascript.As the team is moving into exciting new projects (machine learning, schedule optimization etc), I encourage you to come join us and be a part of the next generation of Customer Service Technology.Here is the official posting and how to apply:
http://www.amazon.com/gp/jobs/129914/ref=j_sr_2_t?ie=UTF8...(Seattle + H1B OK)
                      
                  
      REMOTE, but must live in the US.
Appstem Media, LLC (I am the CTO) - 
http://www.appstem.comContract, intern, and salary positions available.  We are a small but rapidly growing and profitable mobile application company.  Work from home, semi-flexible hours.  Referral bonuses for any successful contract leads.  Developers only, CS Degree OR relevant experience required.  We develop for iPhone and Android using native SDKs and platforms like Appcelerator Titanium, PhoneGap, Sencha Touch, and HTML 5.  Other development experience is a bonus.  We have developed for top-tier clients, including Kaiser Permanente, Genentech, Jiffy Lube, Gold's Gym, Lion's Gate Entertainment, and Caesar's Entertainment (owner of Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas and other venues).
                      
                  
      New York, NYCoursekit (http://coursekit.com/) is trying to bring social networking to education, and we want you to help build it.We're looking for an engineer who is excited about joining a young team that's shaking up how education works. We always try using the best tool for the job. For now, we use CoffeeScript, Python, Node.js, Redis, as well as a still-unreleased CoffeeScript framework. If working with these technologies excites you, talk to us. We're very detail-focused, and are especially looking for someone who loves working with front-end code (heavy Javascript/Coffeescript, as well as HTML/CSS) to create beautiful interactions/pages.Apply here: http://coursekit.com/jobsOr if you have any questions, shoot me an email at dan@coursekit.com
                      
                  
      London - Mixlr (http://mixlr.com)Web DeveloperMixlr is a platform for broadcasting and listening to live audio. We launched less than a year ago, and have a large and fast-growing user base including some of the world’s top DJs and radio stations. We also have an interesting and scaleable backend architecture which involves not only Ruby but lashings of Java, C and C++, with heavy usage of Redis and MongoDB.There's a full job posting here: http://devblog.mixlr.com/post/10237678024/web-developerIf you're interested then drop me an email: rob [somehow] mixlr.com(We're hiring a web designer too: http://devblog.mixlr.com/post/10240216505/web-designer)
                      
                  
      Sunnyvale, Fulltime/Intern saavn.comH1Bs okSoftware Engineers/ Test Engineers/ QA/ System AdminWe are a well funded bay area startup and the fastest growing digital media company offering South Asian content.
We have some very interesting problems that we are trying to solve. Some examples include large scale audio processing, massive scaling, interesting text processing, digital content delivery on various channel etc.
Our engineering team is small and you will be having opportunity to make a really big impact on the way how people consume digital media.The exact job posting is here http://startuply.com/Jobs/Senior_Software_Engineer_4089_2.as...Let me know if you have any questions. e- arpan [ a t ] saavn [ dot ] com
                      
                  
      San Francisco Bay Area.Looking for local developers: interns, contractors, and part-timers are welcome.Miranda Bros. (www.mirandabros.com) is a game studio with a focus on mobile games. We are currently making games for Android, check out our first title at http://mirandabros.com/games/.We are currently looking for the following...- Flex/actionsript developers (big plus if you have experience with Flex Mobile projects and Flex 4.5)
- Lua programmers, specially if you have experience with the Corona SDK
- PR/Marketing, we are looking for someone to manage our twitter, facebook, website and make copy.If interested please email us at jobs@mirandabros.com. Mention this thread, and also provide us with a resume and your work experiences.
                      
                  
      Palermo, Buenos AiresPlaytomic is hiring Android and .NET developers.  This is a tiny team so preferably you'll have experience with a bunch of languages and be strong at a couple of them.We work with a lot of languages, a lot of cool companies and developers, and at a big scale.You can get me at ben at playtomic.
                      
                  
      San Francisco - Kout (Full-Time & Interns welcome)http://www.kout.meKout is part of the latest AngelPad class. We're VC-funded and looking to hire our first employee. Offering a real equity stake, competitive salary, and a chance to revolutionize eCommerce.Kout is a decentralized eCommerce platform geared towards micro-merchants. Think of it as an eCommerce version of Square. We focus on simplicity and great design. We're also doing really cool things with payments, dynamic pricing, and deals. We have a few patents pending for our implementation/s.Make no mistake, we're going to disrupt eCommerce. We'd love to do that with you; let's talk about the details.Contact jobs@kout.me or email in my profile. Mention you're from HN :)
                      
                  
      Cambridge and Brighton (UK) - AptivateWe are a not-for-profit organisation who are passionate about using technology for social good. We build websites and tools to support organisations in the international development sector, and we are looking for smart software developers to join our team (particularly in Python/Django).As well as writing code, we often work on the ground in developing countries on projects ranging from delivering technical training, to building and deploying resilient hardware systems for power and communications. Each team member has a voice in the strategy and policy of the organisation.For details see http://www.aptivate.org/job-web-developer
                      
                  
      New York City - ADstruc, Inc. (FE Developers & Designer) H1B friendlyWhy Work At ADstruc?
At ADstruc, we are incredibly passionate about and driven by solving big problems. The Outdoor Advertising Industry is a $6.1B business and operates completely offline. It’s the last remaining ad medium not operating on an online exchange. We are fixing that. ADstruc is building products that help companies buy and sell more efficiently. We are headquartered in a loft space in SOHO, offer competitive salaries, stock options and full benefits. Do you love solving problems and working in the startup environment? If so, come hang out with us.http://adstruc.com/jobs
                      
                  
      Software Engineer, San Francisco CAOcuSpec is a venture backed start-up developing motion control technology that is radically more powerful and affordable than anything currently available. We're seeking smart, passionate people interested in challenging problems and changing the way people interact with machines.Desired Skills/Experience: Software architecture, cross-platform APIs, C/C++, parallel processing (GPU/CPU), computer graphics (openGL/DirectX), real-time systems.This is a great opportunity to work on and take ownership of bleeding edge technology at a early stage. We offer very competitive compensation, great benefits and an office near the Caltrain.http://www.ocuspec.com/
                      
                  
      Berlin, Germany - eKomi Ltd. (Full-Time)eKomi is a leading provider of feedback management, primarily for web shops and services.
One of the reasons we’ve been so successfully so quickly in a relatively new field is that we strive to stay up-to-date and provide quality services for our customers empowering them to deliver quality to their customers as well.We are looking for front- and back-end developers to join our growing development team.A Variety of Tools We Use
-PHP/MySql
-jQuery, HTML, CSS
-nginx, Apache, VarnishThe jobs are located in Berlin, Germany, and they are in-office positions.  We have a great team and are looking for the right people to further strengthen our team.  For job applicants, please email ramirez@ekomi.de
                      
                  
      New York City - Full Time - http://ShopKeep.comSharp developers on all levels are welcome to apply.  We are currently looking for people who love well written code irregardless of the language.  We are currently working Rails, Node.js, Java, iOs and Android.We are modeling our development shop on the way github.com and fogcreek runs their shops.  Working at ShopKeep will greatly expand your skills because you will be working with some of the best developers in NYC.To Apply send jasonrichelson a message on github.com.  We will look at your contributions to the open source community and get back to you.No emails or calls please only messaging on github. We look forward to talking to you!Jason
                      
                  
      Provo, Utah - http://Eleutian.com (http://jobsco.re/pPi8b8)Eleutian is building the next generation version of their eLearning platform. Eleutian is an international company which currently focuses on virtually teaching live classrooms in Korea, China and Japan.Looking for: Sr .Net Developer - Full time, Market salary, Benefits, Stock optionsThe platform is built on .Net/C#, ASP.Net MVC 3, SQL Server 2008 and Windows Azure. Putting together a brand new team for this 'greenfield project'. You'll be working on our brand new platform with a small team where your experience and voice will count.
                      
                  
      San Francisco, CARally is changing the way fundraising works online.We are hiring full stack web developers looking to make large individual contributions to a very small team. We have a RoR stack, practice TDD heavily and push code daily.If you want to know more contact me at andrew@rally.org
                      
                  
      San Francisco, CA (SOMA)
Klout (http://www.klout.com) is looking for engineers, and lots of them.  
http://klout.com/corp/careersWe have lots of data and are growing wildly.  Great perks in the office, fun people, and lots of opportunities.Klout consists of a team of scientists, engineers, thinkers and dreamers banded together to create a standard where one had never been before. We believe that every person who creates content has influence and our mission is to help individuals understand and leverage their influence.tyler at klout dot com if you'd like to talk more
                      
                  
      Yep. We have one of the largest, and fastest growing, datasets on the planet - feel free to ping us if you wanna drop by the office for lunch. ash at klout dot com.
                      
                  
      Philadelphia, PAVistar Media is company building some neat stuff in the "Digital Out Of Home" space. Right now, it's just us three founders -- two of which are coming from Invite Media, which was acquired by Google in 2010.We're looking to make our first few engineering hires. Specifically, someone relatively experienced to work on our backend bidding and reporting infrastructure, and someone to focus on the webapp which customers interface with.We have a recuriterbox page at http://vistarmedia.recuriterbox.com, but feel free to contact me directly if you have questions, or would just like to know more.
                      
                  
      Vancouver, BC:Know Your Advisor is pioneering the way in which Canadian consumer’s research, find and engage with ‘trusted’ financial advisors while providing the definitive on-line platform and tools for the financial advisor community to showcase their capabilities and services.We’re looking for a passionate and energetic Senior Designer / Front-End Developer to help take our product to the next level.http://www.techvibes.com/job/senior-designer-front-end-devel...:)We also have room for more back-end and front-end developers. If you're in the Vancouver area, please email me your interest to tburton@kya.ca.Thanks!
                      
                  
      Remote or PhillyLooking for a Django dev with front end experience and a good intuition for UX to work on small fixes and features. You should be comfortable with Django, jQuery, CSS, HTML and all that good stuff.We are a marketing service for businesses utilizing QR codes and smartphones.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6c1GuZqNHsIdeally we'd like a passionate individual who is genuinely interested in our project. The possibility for full-time employment by the end of the year exists, but if that's not your thing, no worries, we won't pressure you into it.Contact me at mel [at] coupedout [dot] com.
                      
                  
      Boston, MA (Newbury St.)At Zazu (http://getzazu.com), we're creating a ubiquitous information platform that tells you what you need to know before you need to know it -- we run on your mobile devices (and your TV and your coffee maker), monitoring your life to keep you well-informed and well-caffeinated.We're looking for a Few Good Engineers to help us bring our dreams into reality. Right now, we're sitting on the cusp of connected devices, mobile, and big data -- so we've got lots of cool projects that we're working on.Shoot me a message at marc@getzazu.com if you're interested in what we're working on.
                      
                  
      Toronto, Canada; Kanetix - http://www.kanetix.caLooking for a developer with both front and back end skills who can get stuff done.Our current web stack: linux, apache, perl, oracle sql, memcached, html/css/js).Similar concept as www.leaky.com and www.coverhound.com, but for Canada and more established--recently acquired by a private equity firm. Offering competitive salary, incentive bonus, profit-sharing, health benefits, RRSP matching, free drinks, and a young and casual work environment.  more info: http://www.kanetix.ca/job-website-developer
  email: kanetix_hr@kanetix.ca
                      
                  
      San Francisco, Salesforce.comThe Core Infrastructure team is looking for exceptional software engineers to with proven ability to design, develop, optimize, and reinvent the infrastructure of a large-scale cloud service.http://careers.force.com/jobs/apex/ts2__JobDetails?jobId=a1k...
http://careers.force.com/jobs/apex/ts2__JobDetails?jobId=a1k...I would like to chat with you if you are interested. Email me srau@salesforce.com
                      
                  
      San Francisco, CA - Yuzu Inc. (YC Summer '09) is hiring:- Software Engineers (Full time)- Designers (Full time)- Software Engineering Interns (Paid. Part to Full time)- Design Interns (Paid. Part to Full time)We are a team of 3 driven to create beautiful, simple, products and code that solve huge pains.We love to learn and spend a lot of time reading, teaching and practicing our skill sets.We are fluent in many programming languages and even create our own.We are launching our first product within the next 6 months. It's neat.If this sounds like an intriguing place to work, send an email to breck@yuzuinc.com.If you don't consider yourself an absolute expert coder or designer--not a big deal--apply for an internship position.
                      
                  
      Somerville, MA and London - The Echo NestEcho Nest is a music intelligence company that powers music apps with our API, and services like Echoprint, our open source music fingerprinter. Our data powers apps for the BBC and MTV and music services you've used. We've got a killer engineering culture, well-stocked beer fridge and you'll be able to shape the future of music.Jobs:
Engineer
Junior Engineering Intern
Music Information Retrieval Scientist
QA Manager
Senior Engineer
Web Developer - London Officehttp://the.echonest.com/company/jobs/
                      
                  
      Denver, CO - Ecocion, Inc.We're in the environmental compliance business.Seeking INTERN(s) to help with new web project. Legacy DB, everything on top of that is new development.Primarily, we're looking for people who can take some initial guidance and use it to find the last 30/40/50% of the solution on their own. Some .NET exposure would be a big plus. Front-end experience (HTML, JS, CSS, etc.) also a big plus.Internships are paid. Feel free to email me directly (see my HN profile). Full advert here (scroll to bottom):
http://www.ecocion.com/careers
                      
                  
      Minneapolis, MNBloom Health is a two year old health care startup with around 50 employees (including 12 developers). Our offices are in downtown Minneapolis and are connected to the skyway.We develop on macbook pros with external monitors, and deploy our solution on Amazon's EC2 platform. Smart and fun people drinking free soda and working with groovy and grails, redis, mysql, continuous integration, test coverage metrics, user stories, distributed version control, etc.Come check us out at gobloomhealth.com and find out why "Pensions : 401k :: Employer Provided Health Insurance : Bloom Health"
                      
                  
      UK - London - Software DeveloperWe're looking to get some developers in at Revector.  We're a small firm who do services for mobile operators, so we do things with SMS, VoIP etc.  Primarily run with Python, with standard servers and databases, but we're doing things with Redis etc as well.  Solid existing products, and opportunities to be involved in some new opening right from the start.I think the job post calls this a graduate position, but we'll happily consider people with more experience as well.http://www.revector.com/careers
                      
                  
      New York, NY - Bloomberg (Terminal)We embed Javascript/LUA engines and use them to power the terminal, delivering complex data around the world 24/7. We're one of the largest (if not the largest) user of server-side JS in the world. Data is collected from every corner of the world and even generated in-house on GPU farms. We solve complex problems in novel ways. Looking for fellow hackers that want to make a difference in a start-up culture. We are the original NYC startup and as of right now are the #1 provider in job growth in NYC, period.E-mail is in my profile.
                      
                  
      Nashville, TN or
Parksville (Vancouver Island), BCInQuicker seeks a director of marketing. We're looking for a person who can coordinate our online and offline marketing efforts across the United States. We're looking for a person who is effective in online marketing analytics, PPC, SEO, copywriting, and managing agency relationships.We're 100% bootstrapped, with 15 employees and millions in annual revenue right now.Check out our website at http://www.inquicker.com/. If you're interested, email me. My address is in my profile.
                      
                  
      Anywhere, Remote is OKTalkdesk is hiring: http://talkdeskapp.comBack-end developer and front-end developer.We are not picky but we work mostly with Node.js, Rails, Backbone.js and MongoDB.email to tiago @ tiagop.org
                      
                  
      * Viralheat Social Media *Full-Time Ruby on Rails Developershttp://jobs.viralheat.com/apply/VStldU/Ruby-On-Rails-Develop...Full-Time Senior C++ Engineershttp://jobs.viralheat.com/apply/Pg1hp8/Senior-Software-Engin...Full-time iOS and Android Developershttp://jobs.viralheat.com/apply/XsZ6uE/Senior-Mobile-Enginee...
                      
                  
      San Francisco, CA (SOMA) / Tokyo, JapanMidokura is hiring: http://midokura.com/careers.htmlWe are virtualizing the network and disrupting the industry.  We're a Japan started startup, now distributed across three cities (Tokyo, Barcelona, and San Francisco) and growing rapidly.We're looking for a solid front-end engineer to lead and grow a team focused on making data beautiful and accessible.We're also seeking some low level systems engineers with extensive networking knowledge who will join the core team.Hit me up at adam At midokura.com
                      
                  
      Boston / Cambridge, MA - FULL-TIME + INTERNShttps://www.earthaid.net/Earth Aid is building a tool to track energy use and help people use less. We're well funded and growing quickly.Hiring:-- UI Engineer-- Product designer-- Data engineermischa@earthaid.net
                      
                  
      A Small Orange is hiring Linux system administrators and support people. We're a web hosting company with about 40 people that prides itself on quality customer service and support.All positions at A Small Orange are REMOTE, but if you're in the Research Triangle / Raleigh-Durham area, you are welcome to work from our office in downtown Durham.All positions include competitive pay, insurance, 401k, a variety of other perks (free web hosting), and more.Details can be found at http://jobs.asmallorange.com.
                      
                  
      Quebeq, Canada. Full-time.Gush - http://getgush.com We are hiring a bunch of people. We use Scala and Play, and are building a large-scale consumer photo service. We launched last week in private beta.Looking specifically for you if you can do ops like crazy (AWS in your dreams), if you're great at Scala, if you're awesome at CSS + design, or any combination. Also looking for a native Windows developer, and iOS/mobile experience is also always welcome.Get it touch at jobs@gushhq.com. Show us what you've done.
                      
                  
      New York, NY; Skillman, NJ; London, UK; other locations.Bloomberg is hiring, Intern, H1B candidates are welcome.http://careers.bloomberg.com/hire/internsearch.htmlhttp://careers.bloomberg.com/hire/experiencesearch.htmlC++, Java, .NET developer positions are available, as well as network engineers, UI designers, sysadmins, etc. Lots of real time and low latency infrastructure work, generally financial domain.
                      
                  
      Dublin, Ireland -- BetDash.com -- Ruby on Rails dev & Front-end devIf you're looking for all the great perks of a startup plus the advantages of being within a large company, please check us out and say hello.  We're a startup that was recently acquired by Paddy Power and we're continuing to operate as a standalone business unit within the larger organization.  We're taking sports betting social and having a blast doing it.Rails, Ruby, Redis, Sencha Touch, gitMore info: http://workwithpaddy.com/
                      
                  
      Onswipe - NYCEngineers can work anywhere they choose, but they should choose somewhere with hard problems.  We reach one of the largest audience of iPad readers in the world and have worked with publishers like the New York Times and Slate.  Come push the boundaries of what's possible in the browser.We're hiring for two main tech positions:Backend - Mongo + Node
Frontend - Javascript in a touch environment.  Come work on Swipecore, our JS framework for touch interactions.Linky:  http://blog.onswipe.com/jobs
                      
                  
      Reston/Sterling, VA - AnyPresence (http://anypresence.com)We're a small venture-backed enterprise mobile application startup. The founders' previous venture had a successful exit.We're currently using Ruby, Rails, Coffeescript, Mongo, and a whole lot more. We're big fans of testing too. If you're in the DC area, interested in startups, and have some ruby experience we'd love to hear from you.Email a little bit about yourself and your resume to jbozek@anypresence.com if you are interested.
                      
                  
      Redwood City, CA - NimsoftWe have a great mix of the startup atmosphere and the stability and benefits of a large enterprise.  If working with closures and prototypes is second nature to you, and you get excited about tools like coffeescript, backbone.js, scss, websockets, etc...then we would love to talk to you.  Java experience on the back-end is a huge plus, and we also have several Java-centric positions on our API and middleware teams.Send the resume and/or any sample work to stanislav dot mitranic at nimsoft dot com.P.S. H1B welcome.
                      
                  
      Los Angeles, CAhttp://www.thinknear.com ThinkNear is redefining how local merchants reach and attract customers and advertise on Mobile.  We're funded by IA Ventures, Google Ventures, Qualcomm, and more.We're super early stage, so you'll have the opportunity to do everything and own large chunks of our technology and product.Right now, we're looking specifically for a mid-level Rails engineer.http://thinknear.jobscore.com/list
                      
                  
      Durham, NCAutomated Insights, formerly known as StatSheet, is looking for these positions:- Ruby Developer- UI Designer- Part Time Web Content EditorRead more : http://automatedinsights.com/careers
                      
                  
      Hayes Valley, San Francisco, CA(winter interns welcome)2bkco - http://2bkco.com/We're a small team looking to bring on a designer/developer to help perfect our pre-launch social product. We love participatory media, social media, the things that people create. We love connecting people all over the world. We want to build something meaningful. Founded by Caterina Fake, of Flickr and Hunch, we're well funded and growing carefully.If you're interested, get in touch with us at jobs@2bkco.com!
                      
                  
      San Francisco, Downtown - JavaScript Software Engineerhttp://logg.ly/jobsDo you love logs?  Loggly has over 1,000 deployed users and a ton of cool partners including Heroku, EY, and Amazon.If you are looking for a challenge and are sick and tired of working on the same old web technologies, look no further.  We're building a massively scalable time series search and processing engine which we'll use to heat up servers in the kitchen so we can cook bacon on them.
                      
                  
      Visual.ly is a funded startup hiring full-time developers in San Francisco, CAhttp://visual.lyWe are building a next generation data visualization platform and are looking for front-end and full-stack developers with demonstrated expertise in all or many of the following to round out our engineering team. 5+ years javascript, we use Backbone.js, jQuery, HTML5 and SVG.http://visual.ly/about/jobs/
                      
                  
      Northern Virginia On-Site Full TimeSimulation services company seeking C++ developers for 3D / 2D visualization, first order physics and statistical sensor modeling, UI and application integration, and distributed computing. Fast moving environment where a small group of developers are responsible for design, development, QA, and technical support. In business since 1995, with continuous growth since and a current backlog. Reach us at careers@kinex.com.
                      
                  
      San Francisco - Lookout Mobile SecurityFull-time or internLookout is the leader in consumer mobile security. We're a small, well-funded team tackling big problems on small devices. We're hiring across the board; go here to get a sense of some available positions: https://www.mylookout.com/about/careersExperience in Rails, iOS, Android, and/or network or mobile security are awesome to have, but not required.nbhat@mylookout.com
                      
                  
      +1! 
We're also scaling up a data team for some interesting machine learning problems. Experience with any of the following helps: R (lm, gam, gbm, randomForest, caret), Python, Ruby, MapReduce, Hadoop, large datasets.
                      
                  
      San Francisco, CA - Do (http://do.com)We're a small team of developers and designers working to build great tools for small businesses.We're hiring developers and designers at any level for backend + frontend web, and mobile (iOS and Android).Tech: Ruby. Lots of Javascript/Coffeescript. Backbone. PostgreSQL, Redis, Solr. iOS. Android.And we're a Salesforce company. Solid funding, great benefits, competitive comp.I'd love to chat if you're interested - gopal@do.com
                      
                  
      San Francisco, CAWanted: talented engineering colleagues at card.io - https://www.card.io/We are a well-funded mobile payments start-up. We are building software to enable simple, low-friction transactions on mobile devices.We offer interesting and challenging problems, real work/life balance, and generous compensation, benefits, and vacation.https://gist.github.com/821454/
                      
                  
      Chicago, IL - ParkWhiz (http://www.parkwhiz.com)We're looking for back end developer who wants to join a small team and have a big impact. We work mainly in the LAMP stack, and offer a competitive salary, benefits, and stock options.More info is available at http://www.parkwhiz.com/about/jobs/backend-developer/
                      
                  
      Mountain View, CAMaginatics Inc. is hiring: http://maginatics.com/jobs.htmlWe are currently in stealth but looking for smart, hands-on developers with a strong background in algorithms, distributed systems, storage systems, security, and Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) systems. If this sounds like it's up your alley, we would love to hear from you at
jobs@maginatics.com.
                      
                  
      In addition to what Vibhav said, Maginatics also hires/sponsors H1Bs.We are also trying to get a great team together. You can check us out on LinkedIn or find most of us at http://twitter.com/#!/maginatics/team/members. Drop us a note or come meet us for coffee!
                      
                  
      New York, NY - Full Time. 
Touchstorm - We distribute video and are the leaders in editorial videos. We are looking for a Sr. PHP web application developer. More details here: 
http://www.linkedin.com/jobs?viewJob=&jobId=2020244
http://www.touchstorm.com
                      
                  
      Dogbook and Catbook (Toronto, Ontario) is looking for a quick learning Developer.  PHP, MySQL, HTML, CSS, JSS.  Our team is small and we like to move quickly.  For more info check out:http://www.meshjobs.com/job/web-developer-toronto-on-canada-...$500 referral rewards for helping us find someone.
                      
                  
      Palo Alto - Comprehend Systems (YC W11)Hiring Java developers (both frontend and backend). Help us make next-generation, cross-datasource reporting and visualization software. You'll also be writing software to improve people's lives, since our first product helps bring new cures and treatments to market faster.to learn more: http://www.comprehend.com/careers
                      
                  
      Any interest in part time or freelance work?
                      
                  
      San Francisco - ThirstWe are a well funded startup based in San Francisco transforming how people interact with and learn from social media with a strong emphasis on NLP and machine learning. We are looking for excellent engineers with strong experience in NLP, Rails, or mobile development.If you are interested in interning or working full time (you will be employee #1), email us at jobs@usethirst.com
                      
                  
      Mountain View, CA
Pattern Insight (http://patterninsight.com). We are profitable and growing fast. Customers are some of the biggest technology companies* Full time Software Engineers (H1B as well)* Interns (paid)* Sales Engineershttp://patterninsight.com/company/careers/ email: jobs@patterninsight.com
                      
                  
      San Francisco, CA1life Healthcare / One Medical Group  -  http://onemedical.comWe're a startup healthcare company with practices in SF, NY, Washington DC.Looking to add to our software development team.  Some REMOTE work is ok, but we meet in SF weekly (Bay Area based team).  Looking for Rails / Javascript / CSS developers, iOS and Android a plus.mail me at bhaigler@1life.com
                      
                  
      Cambridge MA &  Seattle WA
Brightcove - brightcove.com/careersWe're an online video platform (the second largest source of video traffic after youtube) looking to hire DevOps & QA engineers, as well as product managers.We're large enough to face cool scaling problems but still feel like a startup.Send me an email if you've any questions (in profile or sneubardt@brightcove), i'm a software engineer and love it!INTERN
                      
                  
      I have a friend who works at Brightcove and never stops raving about how great your company is to work for. :)
                      
                  
      Cambridge, MA -- OutbrainOutbrain is a startup providing content recommendations for many premium publisher sites and blogs. We're looking for an engineer with strong Java skills and background in ML to help develop the algorithms behind our recommendations. 
http://www.outbrain.com/jobs/BO#1
jobs@outbrain.com
                      
                  
      We're hiring lots of positions at crowdflower.  We've built the largest crowd sourced workforce and are growing quickly (team, revenue, etc.).  We're based out of the mission in San Francisco but we can do remote in some cases and h1b is no problem.  We also love interns.  Most critical positions are full-stack ruby engineer and dev ops.Email me at lukas@crowdflower.com.
                      
                  
      http://graduatetutor.com/ - INTERN, REMOTE (PART TIME/FREELANCE)We are looking to develop a widget that can be placed on partner websites. We want to provide online tutoring assistance through the widget. Developer must evaluate the best language after understanding and researching the partner technologies used.
                      
                  
      Best way to get in touch with you?
                      
                  
      San FranciscoVP EngineeringMad River Entertainment has an alpha site and a couple of rounds of focus groups behind it, soon to be in beta. You will take over the team of 2 LAMP techies and build it out. Looking for that rare combination of leadership and tech ability.Competitive early stage salary plus early stage stock options. This is my bro's company. It is for real. jobs@madriverent.com
                      
                  
      Chicago, IL - Rockstar Front & Backend Developer -  TrainSignalWant To Move to Chicago? Moving costs & bonus!
10 year old company, 4 years in a row on Inc. 5000 list and profitable year over year!Have front-end skills with backend experience? A variety of tools we use -PHP/MySql -jQuery, HTML, CSS -nginx & ApacheHighly competitive salary & benefits.iman@trainsignal.com for more info
                      
                  
      Boston, MA Wayfair (formerly CSN stores)Our mission is to make Wayfair your favorite place online to buy anything for your home.The company is expanding rapidly and we just took in $165 mil in funding. We have a lot of positions open.http://www.wayfair.com/careers#dept=engineering
                      
                  
      London - ConversocialWe make a SaaS platform that helps companies do a better job of customer service and marketing on Facebook and Twitter (and other social networks soon)We're looking for someone to automate breaking what we make and tell us we're rubbish :)http://www.conversocial.com/jobs#testing
                      
                  
      Palo Alto, CA - Box.netWe are building the next generation of enterprise collaboration software and growing quickly.  Hiring all positions.http://box.net/company/careers/
http://www.crunchbase.com/company/box-net
                      
                  
      London, UK - Product/Marketing Manager, Well Informed Ltd.Come and work directly with the founders running the business side our successful, profitable, SaaS business.http://blog.theorytestpro.co.uk/2011/08/01/were-hiring-onlin...
                      
                  
      REMOTE Freelance Website Designers (Front-end).  Have a good sized project that start right away.  Must be able to create design comps/mocks, and convert them to fluid HTML/CSS with valid markup.Plus points if you live in San Francisco.Please contact me here: http://bit.ly/rjHiui
                      
                  
      San Francisco - Software EngineerThumbtack.com is an marketplace startup that connects people with local service professionals.Great team, well-backed, offices in SOMA, a personal chef who cooks daily meals for us.Learn more at http://www.thumbtack.com/jobsOr email chris at thumbtack for more info.[edited with contact info]
                      
                  
      Remote (Full or Part Time)Bizen.com is looking for sales professionals / account managers.We make intelligence simple for restaurants and franchises. While we are a new company, our product has been very well received by our initial customers; we believe we have a good product/market fit.If you would like to know more, email me at jackson@bizen.com
                      
                  
      H1-B - Kansas City -Social Mobile Apps Company - http://www.OneLouder.com - 5 Million users across our Mobile apps.Looking for the following: 
-Interested in being an iOS developer
-UI/UX Designer with web development skillsNo remote. If interested, contact me @ ashwins at handmark dot com
                      
                  
      Fancy Hands. We're hiring Python Devs in NYC, Marketing folks, and QA/Support/Community Managers. All positions are full time and on site in NYC.Some good positions for folks who aren't on HN too, so please forward along to friends.http://www.fancyhands.com/jobs
                      
                  
      New York City - MeetupWe're looking for mobile devs (iOS and Android) as well as backend and front end engineers. For more information: http://www.meetup.com/jobs or contact me directly andrew@meetup.comMeetup is growing, profitable and a great place to work.
                      
                  
      REMOTE (San Francisco)PlayCoMO - http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/pet-fair/id429367771?mt=8We're a fast growing mobile gaming company looking for talented people to join our team.User Acquisition AnalystC++ Game EngineerData Analyst/ScientistData EngineerServer EngineerInterns (all positions)To apply, email: jobs [at] playcomo [dot] com
                      
                  
      Yale-based Food Ordering Platform hiring part-time awesome programmers for free sandwiches and money.
We have already launched and are making money but are improving and expanding.Seeking good people with experience in django and/or javascript+frontend development.Email judd@aya.yale.edu for more info
                      
                  
      Chicago - Narrative ScienceHiring VP of Eng, python developers, great writers.  See http://www.narrativescience.com/careers.html for details.Also looking for engineering interns.Must be in Chicago or willing to move here.
                      
                  
      Cambridge, MA Panjiva (http://panjiva.com) Hiring engineers -- UI/UX, frontend, backend data mining/algorithms. See http://panjiva.com/jobs
                      
                  
      The company where I work is hiring.  I'll spare you the marketing copy. The team is great. Office in the mission district in SF.  Great pay too fwiw.  email me at mmmurf at gmail if interested.  stop by and meet us and read our code.
                      
                  
      San Francisco, CA - ZeroCater.comWe make it easy for companies to feed their people. Think Pandora for food. We're hiring developers, outside sales people, and a visual designer.http://www.zerocater.com/jobs
                      
                  
      Boston, MA#1 - Paid Intern/Co-Op* Marketing/Biz Dev/Sales part-time* Write blog posts, white papers, researching leads and competitors* Fortune 1000 B2B sales and biz dev#2 - Full time salary + benifiets* JBoss/Linux support/developer* ATG or similar IOC experience desired.* Mix of handling support issues, doing development, etc...Ping me:  devon@sparkred.com with any questions!
                      
                  
      Please add a short description of what you do. Much more helpful when parsing this thread.
                      
                  
      